
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.517341                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                517341313500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1017341857500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 360986                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   360986                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               62250948                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2211800                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8310.58                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       113088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     70422912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           70536000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       113088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        113088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     21964864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        21964864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1767                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1100358                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1102125                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        343201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             343201                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       218595                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    136124663                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             136343258                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       218595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           218595                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        42457201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             42457201                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        42457201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       218595                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    136124663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            178800458                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1102125                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     343201                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1102125                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   343201                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   70536000                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                21964864                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             70536000                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             21964864                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    150                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               69404                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               69565                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               69337                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               69270                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               69333                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               69282                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               69241                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               68912                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68700                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               68836                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              68391                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              67577                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              67892                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              68586                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              68958                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              68691                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               21673                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               21665                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               21795                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               21707                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               21395                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               21632                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               21866                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               21590                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               21490                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               21441                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              21223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              20512                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              20951                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              21322                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              21475                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              21464                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  517340022000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1102125                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               343201                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  872435                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  126202                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   82958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   20367                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   13238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   14895                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   14912                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  14922                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  14921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  14921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  14921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  14921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  14921                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       187171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    494.083378                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   162.468383                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1250.983359                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        96745     51.69%     51.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        24208     12.93%     64.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         9830      5.25%     69.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         5434      2.90%     72.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4726      2.52%     75.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         4309      2.30%     77.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         3304      1.77%     79.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2416      1.29%     80.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1967      1.05%     81.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1829      0.98%     82.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1677      0.90%     83.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2189      1.17%     84.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1996      1.07%     85.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1581      0.84%     86.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1132      0.60%     87.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1027      0.55%     87.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          867      0.46%     88.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          820      0.44%     88.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         1303      0.70%     89.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         2896      1.55%     90.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         2898      1.55%     92.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1512      0.81%     93.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         3566      1.91%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          878      0.47%     95.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          281      0.15%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          206      0.11%     95.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          182      0.10%     96.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          172      0.09%     96.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           89      0.05%     96.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          129      0.07%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          116      0.06%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          149      0.08%     96.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           99      0.05%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           84      0.04%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           75      0.04%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          123      0.07%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           71      0.04%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           53      0.03%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          205      0.11%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           59      0.03%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           56      0.03%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           34      0.02%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           45      0.02%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           41      0.02%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           44      0.02%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           42      0.02%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           37      0.02%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           46      0.02%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           41      0.02%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           39      0.02%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           28      0.01%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          375      0.20%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          407      0.22%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           23      0.01%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           21      0.01%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           27      0.01%     97.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           20      0.01%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           24      0.01%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           27      0.01%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           32      0.02%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           23      0.01%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           50      0.03%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           19      0.01%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           30      0.02%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           24      0.01%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           16      0.01%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           13      0.01%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           14      0.01%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           14      0.01%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           12      0.01%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            8      0.00%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           20      0.01%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           14      0.01%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           12      0.01%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            8      0.00%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           19      0.01%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           15      0.01%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           14      0.01%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           16      0.01%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           21      0.01%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           19      0.01%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           11      0.01%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           14      0.01%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           13      0.01%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           11      0.01%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           13      0.01%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           11      0.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           10      0.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           12      0.01%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           11      0.01%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           11      0.01%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           19      0.01%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           24      0.01%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           10      0.01%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           13      0.01%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            9      0.00%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           20      0.01%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           19      0.01%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           20      0.01%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           10      0.01%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           13      0.01%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           10      0.01%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           10      0.01%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            7      0.00%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           15      0.01%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           12      0.01%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           11      0.01%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           13      0.01%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            8      0.00%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.00%     97.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            8      0.00%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            7      0.00%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.00%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            8      0.00%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            6      0.00%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           10      0.01%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           10      0.01%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            5      0.00%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           10      0.01%     98.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           14      0.01%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            5      0.00%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            5      0.00%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           10      0.01%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           10      0.01%     98.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            9      0.00%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           10      0.01%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           15      0.01%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         3663      1.96%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       187171                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7419233000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             28157618000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5509875000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               15228510000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6732.67                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13819.29                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25551.96                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       136.34                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        42.46                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               136.34                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                42.46                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      11.93                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   995365                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  262622                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.33                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     357940.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    178800458                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              920016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             920016                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            343201                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            182109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           182109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2547451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2547451                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     92500864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            92500864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               92500864                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2095467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5229530250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       336474671                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    250481680                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      8320147                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    226028071                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       203274771                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.933418                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        20912823                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        31789                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            411121236                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1043369                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        412164605                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           219737180                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            130236                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       219867416                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            630858416                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1173605                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     1                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        632032021                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           299220577                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses             59743                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    3                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       299280320                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  925                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1034682628                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    303958256                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2327316956                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           336474671                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    224187594                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             448385142                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33253277                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      236712458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          529                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       431768                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          257                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         299220577                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       3147386                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1014209578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.294710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.122982                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        565824436     55.79%     55.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         53426766      5.27%     61.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         55715167      5.49%     66.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         31150228      3.07%     69.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         54724055      5.40%     75.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         30607743      3.02%     78.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         26607612      2.62%     80.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         31800003      3.14%     83.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        164353568     16.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1014209578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.325196                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.249305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        331937564                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     214469562                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         418220293                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      25710653                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       23871505                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     60159904                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        849763                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2297624619                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2124288                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       23871505                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        351504130                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        55116172                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     78531158                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         424700753                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      80485859                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2273710680                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         31495                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27729011                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      35536284                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1666451332                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3025623976                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2599085737                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    426538239                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1508517903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        157933394                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      5271547                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       833796                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         179057747                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    420674755                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    224896424                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12154023                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4579901                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2157828433                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1640619                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2097120171                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       381081                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    157065080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    106815048                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        10546                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1014209578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.067738                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.797383                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    255968922     25.24%     25.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    189517547     18.69%     43.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    189635267     18.70%     62.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    162660106     16.04%     78.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    107643584     10.61%     89.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     59196311      5.84%     95.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     34280705      3.38%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14345437      1.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       961699      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1014209578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          792805      2.91%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         11449      0.04%      2.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp       1122441      4.12%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            82      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          320      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       11344013     41.62%     48.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      13988243     51.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       577903      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1281542393     61.11%     61.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2380689      0.11%     61.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     61.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    104656575      4.99%     66.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     25885068      1.23%     67.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     20124331      0.96%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     23437807      1.12%     69.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      2211211      0.11%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    415579835     19.82%     89.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    220724359     10.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2097120171                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.026825                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            27259353                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012998                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4749470399                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2038726550                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1836243571                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    486619952                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    277819861                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    240995069                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1879530741                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       244270880                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29168758                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34557529                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        53438                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12321                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11196395                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       797056                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       166296                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       23871505                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        39446376                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2259789                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2229319133                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       752277                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     420674755                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    224896424                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       821393                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         199384                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         99372                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12321                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3928080                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4348811                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8276891                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2088252023                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     412165331                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8868145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              69850081                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            632033080                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        309704776                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          219867749                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.018254                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2079800155                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2077238640                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1282331562                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1717989546                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.007609                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.746414                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    160555869                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1630073                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7470484                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    990338073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.086459                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.621553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    355408979     35.89%     35.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    241556881     24.39%     60.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    129034643     13.03%     73.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     42523312      4.29%     77.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     52774781      5.33%     82.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23704234      2.39%     85.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18255127      1.84%     87.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16688746      1.69%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110391370     11.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    990338073                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2066299341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2066299341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              599817240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             386117214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              814574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          296498206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          233657461                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1809134879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     19334804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110391370                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3105733638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4477613288                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  271620                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                20473050                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.517341                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.517341                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.932960                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.932960                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2550526287                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1364678210                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         316021957                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        204362930                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        80784869                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1918082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               588                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 4                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.017944                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000122                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  655096380                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                   70813874                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         173901.480004                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         85008.000001                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          258909.480005                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                  11                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                  11                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 59554216.363636                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 6437624.909091                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.902448                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.097552                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             298.969914                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1           44                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2           44                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1          645                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1          2806                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2           3889                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       356953                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       356515                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    58.636364                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1097873                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32079.866967                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      409965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1130068                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.362779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18085.243435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   112.421905                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13501.479650                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        380.721978                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.551918                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.412032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.011619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       121757                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  121969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           451865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                451865                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        60641                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 60641                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        182398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   182610                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       182398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  182610                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       918249                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                920016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       182109                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              182109                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100358                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1102125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1767                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100358                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1102125                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122549750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56190975500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56313525250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12062155000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   12062155000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122549750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68253130500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      68375680250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    122549750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68253130500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     68375680250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1040006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1041985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       451865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            451865                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       242750                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            242750                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1282756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1284735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1282756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1284735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.892875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.882927                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.882946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750192                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.750192                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.892875                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.857862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.892875                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.857862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69354.697227                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61193.614695                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61209.289023                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66235.908165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66235.908165                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69354.697227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62028.113123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62039.859589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69354.697227                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62028.113123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62039.859589                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               343201                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    343201                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       918249                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           920016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       182109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         182109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100358                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1102125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1100358                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1102125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    102256250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45639401500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45741657750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9970712000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9970712000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    102256250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55610113500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55712369750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    102256250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55610113500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55712369750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.892875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.882927                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.882946                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.750192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.750192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.892875                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857808                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.857862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.892875                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.857808                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.857862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57869.977363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49702.642203                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49718.328540                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54751.341230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54751.341230                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57869.977363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50538.200749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50549.955540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57869.977363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50538.200749                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50549.955540                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   214833799                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1041985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1041985                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           451865                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           242750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          242750                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3017377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3021335                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       126656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    111015744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          111142400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             111142400                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1320165000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3396500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2193400500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2034683713                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7540358.372887                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7540358.372887                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1879                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           993.459111                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1296036628                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          446601.181254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   486.030999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   507.428112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.474640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.495535                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.970175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299217941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       299217941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299217941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        299217941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299217941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       299217941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2629                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2629                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2629                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166376497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    166376497                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166376497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    166376497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    166376497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    166376497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299220570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    299220570                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299220570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    299220570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299220570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    299220570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63285.088246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63285.088246                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63285.088246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63285.088246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63285.088246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63285.088246                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1154                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                32                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    36.062500                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1979                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1979                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125602498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    125602498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125602498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    125602498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    125602498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    125602498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63467.659424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63467.659424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63467.659424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63467.659424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 63467.659424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63467.659424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           41                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.040039                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1          963258012                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2           74648888                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 11145541.334016                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 727647.521642                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  11873188.855658                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          299                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          300                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3221598.702341                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 248829.626667                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.928077                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.071923                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg       9.681902                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         1923                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        10336                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        12300                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       293917                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       294900                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     6.431438                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1280111                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           984.280818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           903581491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1281094                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            705.320211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   940.829741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    43.451077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.918779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.042433                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    375685190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       375685190                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    211979503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      211979503                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       814721                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    587664693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        587664693                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    587664693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       587664693                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4527355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4527355                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       905948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       905948                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           49                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5433303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5433303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5433303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5433303                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241787754500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 241787754500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46129371271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46129371271                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1221000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1221000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287917125771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 287917125771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287917125771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 287917125771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    380212545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    380212545                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       814770                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    593097996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    593097996                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    593097996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    593097996                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011907                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004256                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000060                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009161                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009161                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53405.963195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53405.963195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50918.343295                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50918.343295                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24918.367347                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 24918.367347                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52991.177884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52991.177884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52991.177884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52991.177884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3538002                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             58399                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.583263                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       451865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            451865                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3487337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3487337                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       663233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       663233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4150570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4150570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4150570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4150570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1040018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1040018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       242715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       242715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1282733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1282733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1282733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1282733                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57895041750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57895041750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12618374743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12618374743                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       367000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       367000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70513416493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70513416493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70513416493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70513416493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002735                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001140                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001140                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002163                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002163                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55667.345902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55667.345902                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51988.442177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51988.442177                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15956.521739                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15956.521739                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54971.234460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54971.234460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54971.234460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54971.234460                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
