
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.452242                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                452242460500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               952242506500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 332890                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   332890                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               50182341                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2335152                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9011.98                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        74432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     42936256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           43010688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        74432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         74432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40654400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40654400                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       670879                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              672042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        635225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             635225                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       164584                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     94940789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              95105373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       164584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           164584                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        89895142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             89895142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        89895142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       164584                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     94940789                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            185000515                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      672043                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     635225                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    672043                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   635225                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   43010688                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40654400                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             43010688                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40654400                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               41579                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               42199                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               42148                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               42133                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               41647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               42146                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               42209                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               42122                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               41151                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               42009                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              42154                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              42405                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              41391                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              42391                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              42178                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              42174                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               39253                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               39837                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               39807                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               39829                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               39211                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               39827                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               40006                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39895                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               39103                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               39830                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              39840                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39944                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              39111                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              40027                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39864                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              39841                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  452242311000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                672043                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               635225                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  601996                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   46170                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   15632                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    8218                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      19                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   25847                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27199                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27496                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27619                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27618                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1772                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                    123                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       147731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    566.304973                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   243.171582                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   671.204016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        60527     40.97%     40.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        19823     13.42%     54.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         4653      3.15%     57.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         2074      1.40%     58.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         1777      1.20%     60.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         1627      1.10%     61.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1067      0.72%     61.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1051      0.71%     62.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1049      0.71%     63.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1011      0.68%     64.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1053      0.71%     64.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1089      0.74%     65.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          965      0.65%     66.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1011      0.68%     66.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1057      0.72%     67.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1202      0.81%     68.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1407      0.95%     69.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1786      1.21%     70.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         2436      1.65%     72.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         3556      2.41%     74.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         6234      4.22%     78.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         6871      4.65%     83.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        22906     15.51%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          954      0.65%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          116      0.08%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           30      0.02%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           30      0.02%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           12      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           13      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            9      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           13      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            8      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            4      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            5      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            2      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            2      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            3      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            3      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            3      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            1      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            4      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            2      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            1      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            2      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            3      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            2      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            2      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            2      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            2      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            3      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          194      0.13%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       147731                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  11943702500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             25490240000                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3360180000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               10186357500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     17772.41                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15157.46                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37929.87                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        95.11                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        89.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                95.11                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                89.90                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.45                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.06                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       1.30                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   613096                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  546423                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 91.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                86.02                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     345944.60                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    185000515                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5247                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            635225                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            666796                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           666795                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1979310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1979310                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     83665088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            83665088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               83665088                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3194534000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         3185016250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       429986693                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    333503549                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      6208764                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    262609707                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       247380642                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     94.200875                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        35957606                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       149397                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            340542059                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             311284                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    13                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        340853343                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           208833379                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            185514                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       209018893                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            549375438                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             496798                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    14                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        549872236                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           261400165                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            222703                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       261622868                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  136                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                904484922                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    265805864                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2224723709                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           429986693                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    283338248                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             436416682                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        21768908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      168907546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles        16971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1126950                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          176                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         261400165                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       2297116                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples    887107304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.507841                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.029498                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        450690622     50.80%     50.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         34236058      3.86%     54.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         46205389      5.21%     59.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         49641751      5.60%     65.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         40795531      4.60%     70.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         70658262      7.97%     78.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         29534876      3.33%     81.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67289590      7.59%     88.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         98055225     11.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total    887107304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.475394                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.459658                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        290709635                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     149661658                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         407607903                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      25261149                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       13866958                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     51385305                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       1004281                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2201173363                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2379349                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       13866958                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        304947408                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        27481962                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     74892545                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         419600879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      46317551                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2182519473                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       22948740                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      14330914                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1515143222                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    2834571787                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2800684907                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     33886880                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1426814662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         88328550                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3990688                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2923221                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          98521256                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    345036817                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    213492113                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     23601020                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11143935                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2081278878                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5748794                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2063517802                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       812872                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     84004924                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     48168121                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       111498                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    887107304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.326120                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.015171                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    208072744     23.46%     23.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    168715054     19.02%     42.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    145630618     16.42%     58.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    114901557     12.95%     71.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     94935320     10.70%     82.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     78857171      8.89%     91.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     55137867      6.22%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     12873280      1.45%     99.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      7983693      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    887107304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2951237     11.70%     11.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult         718110      2.85%     14.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     14.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          1047      0.00%     14.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     14.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     14.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult         4107      0.02%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             1      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     14.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13432377     53.26%     67.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       8111484     32.16%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1494285430     72.41%     72.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3277209      0.16%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     72.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5797973      0.28%     72.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp          109      0.00%     72.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          719      0.00%     72.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      2671334      0.13%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           58      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            1      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    347222387     16.83%     89.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    210262580     10.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2063517802                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.281429                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25218363                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012221                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5005604078                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2150645779                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2027988850                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     34570064                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     20406090                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16103823                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2071140005                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        17596158                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     38411849                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     17081371                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        43590                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        20203                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      7396424                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1713319                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1616420                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       13866958                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        12715812                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       3044602                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2147308551                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      6855561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     345036817                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    213492113                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2893049                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1264                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           894                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        20203                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      2842069                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3690237                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      6532306                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2051659358                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     341001750                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     11858443                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              60280879                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            550020657                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        407930857                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          209018907                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.268318                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2046162985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2044092673                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1139313282                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1619069808                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.259952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.703684                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     89208362                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5637296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      5242607                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    873240346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.356541                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.522227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    253142510     28.99%     28.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    194458441     22.27%     51.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    139549378     15.98%     67.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     44085931      5.05%     72.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     54071167      6.19%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     50014067      5.73%     84.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     39133257      4.48%     88.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     39427383      4.52%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     59358212      6.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    873240346                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2057826912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2057826912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              534051133                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             327955446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             2818580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          398819024                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           15974709                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1966709693                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     33249484                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      59358212                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           2960802930                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4307938266                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  432171                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                17377618                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.452242                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.452242                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       2.211203                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 2.211203                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2719377038                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1450746297                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          21597758                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         11426511                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         6675875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        5637161                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              6103                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               256                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.186249                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.007812                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 1904484995                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         394203.487465                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          394203.487465                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    642240                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8992.399628                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1220720                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    673731                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.811880                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     7157.716753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   149.998584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   103.756080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1376.146356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        204.781855                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.218436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.003166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.041997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.006249                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.274426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       387799                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  579621                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1103897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1103897                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        53554                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 53554                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        191822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        441353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   633175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       191822                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       441353                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  633175                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4084                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       666796                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              666796                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       670880                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 672043                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       670880                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                672043                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77864250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    283135500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       360999750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47637237000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   47637237000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77864250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47920372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      47998236750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     77864250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47920372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     47998236750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       192985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       391883                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              584868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1103897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1103897                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       720350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            720350                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       192985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1112233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1305218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       192985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1112233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1305218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006026                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010421                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.008971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925656                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.925656                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.603183                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.514889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.603183                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.514889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66951.203783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 69327.987267                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68801.172098                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71441.995753                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71441.995753                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66951.203783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71429.126669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71421.377427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66951.203783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71429.126669                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71421.377427                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               635225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    635225                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       666796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         666796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       670880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            672043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1163                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       670880                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           672043                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64510750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    236285500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    300796250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39983324000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39983324000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64510750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40219609500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40284120250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64510750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40219609500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40284120250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006026                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010421                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.925656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925656                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.603183                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.514889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.006026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.603183                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.514889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55469.260533                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57856.390793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57327.282257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59963.353109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59963.353109                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55469.260533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59950.526920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59942.771891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 55469.260533                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59950.526920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59942.771891                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   340930606                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             584868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            584868                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1103897                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           720350                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          720349                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       385970                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3328362                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3714332                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     12351040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    141832256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          154183296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             154183296                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         2308454500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy         289756995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1825577250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         1904484817                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6814702.172288                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6814702.172288                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            192963                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1020.229907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1200672836                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            193987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           6189.449994                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      891193849750                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   313.337968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   706.891939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.305994                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.690324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.996318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261206607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       261206607                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261206607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        261206607                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261206607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       261206607                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        193554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         193554                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       193554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        193554                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1071346486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1071346486                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1071346486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total   1071346486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1071346486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total   1071346486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    261400161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    261400161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    261400161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    261400161                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    261400161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    261400161                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000740                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5535.129659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5535.129659                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5535.129659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5535.129659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5535.129659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5535.129659                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1211                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                68                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    17.808824                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          569                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       192985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       192985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       192985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total       192985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst       192985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total       192985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    654561750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    654561750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    654561750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    654561750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    654561750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    654561750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3391.775268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3391.775268                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3391.775268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3391.775268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3391.775268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3391.775268                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           68                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            1                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.066406                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.000977                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         1904485012                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 11552685.533306                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  11552685.533306                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1112140                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1004.981807                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           759544440                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1113163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            682.329937                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   823.177887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   181.803921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.803885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.177543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.981428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    295970809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       295970809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    192585734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      192585734                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2818574                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2818574                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    488556543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        488556543                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    488556543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       488556543                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       481744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        481744                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10691372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10691372                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           10                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11173116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11173116                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11173116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11173116                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3161532750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3161532750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 641968213717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 641968213717                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       128750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       128750                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 645129746467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 645129746467                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 645129746467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 645129746467                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    296452553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    296452553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    203277106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    203277106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2818584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2818584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499729659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    499729659                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    499729659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    499729659                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052595                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052595                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6562.682151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6562.682151                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60045.447274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60045.447274                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        12875                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        12875                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57739.465559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 57739.465559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57739.465559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 57739.465559                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4929679                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     45614142                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            153951                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets          450020                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    32.021091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   101.360255                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1103897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1103897                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data        89870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        89870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9971022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9971022                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10060892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10060892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10060892                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10060892                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       391874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       391874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       720350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       720350                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            9                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1112224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1112224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1112224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1112224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1723038250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1723038250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  48509396747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  48509396747                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       104750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       104750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50232434997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  50232434997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  50232434997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  50232434997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001322                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003544                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002226                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002226                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4396.919035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4396.919035                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67341.426733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67341.426733                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11638.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11638.888889                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45163.955280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45163.955280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45163.955280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45163.955280                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
