
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.884079                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                884079151000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1385172967500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 322273                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   322273                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               94971575                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2228460                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9308.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       748160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    557639168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          558387328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       748160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        748160                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    101182720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       101182720                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        11690                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      8713112                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8724802                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1580980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1580980                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       846259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    630757062                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             631603321                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       846259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           846259                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       114449843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            114449843                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       114449843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       846259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    630757062                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            746053164                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8724802                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1580980                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8724802                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1580980                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  558387328                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               101182720                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            558387328                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            101182720                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              573118                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              531959                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              594849                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              544280                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              458467                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              594443                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              574084                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              521380                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              552571                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              563738                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             556686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             569915                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             565970                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             575088                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             559241                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             388525                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              103180                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              102574                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              102543                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               98789                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               95040                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              101171                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               98688                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               95523                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              100382                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               98859                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              98645                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             100326                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             103472                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             101371                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             102831                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              77584                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  884077300500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8724802                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1580980                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6873080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1420009                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  325567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  105580                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   61851                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   68622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   68724                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  68738                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   6888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    117                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1991704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    331.140836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   145.112743                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   757.533608                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       960266     48.21%     48.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       341944     17.17%     65.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       160884      8.08%     73.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        99114      4.98%     78.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        63505      3.19%     81.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        47313      2.38%     84.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        35332      1.77%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        31160      1.56%     87.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        23668      1.19%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        20075      1.01%     89.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        15586      0.78%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        15489      0.78%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        13005      0.65%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        11832      0.59%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        10257      0.51%     92.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         9430      0.47%     93.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         8750      0.44%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         7863      0.39%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         6254      0.31%     94.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         5827      0.29%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         6034      0.30%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         6068      0.30%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4636      0.23%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         4493      0.23%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         4409      0.22%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         4366      0.22%     96.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         3801      0.19%     96.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         3520      0.18%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         3356      0.17%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         3208      0.16%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         3045      0.15%     97.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         3099      0.16%     97.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         2378      0.12%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1882      0.09%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1654      0.08%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1396      0.07%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1304      0.07%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1151      0.06%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1013      0.05%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1076      0.05%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         1214      0.06%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         1056      0.05%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          917      0.05%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          905      0.05%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          799      0.04%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          717      0.04%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          713      0.04%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          606      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          587      0.03%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          577      0.03%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          658      0.03%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          793      0.04%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          671      0.03%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          770      0.04%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          750      0.04%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          642      0.03%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          774      0.04%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          677      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777         1237      0.06%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          796      0.04%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          442      0.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          760      0.04%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          638      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097         1331      0.07%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161         3162      0.16%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         2107      0.11%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289         1232      0.06%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353         1134      0.06%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          869      0.04%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          520      0.03%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          506      0.03%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          498      0.03%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          332      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          280      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          228      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          422      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          214      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          184      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          170      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          212      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          214      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          181      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          195      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          208      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          161      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          144      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          133      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          143      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          160      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          171      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          161      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          131      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          138      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          156      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          130      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          148      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          141      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          207      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          241      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          214      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          210      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          166      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          158      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          185      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          179      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          173      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          162      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          227      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          230      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          193      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          226      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          235      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          281      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          318      0.02%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          276      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          271      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          235      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          194      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          356      0.02%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          549      0.03%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          589      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          631      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          460      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          263      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          113      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           70      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           38      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          796      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1991704                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  65375405750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            250030354500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                43621570000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              141033378750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7493.47                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16165.56                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28659.03                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       631.60                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       114.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               631.60                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               114.45                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         5.83                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.28                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.58                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7589210                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  724374                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 86.99                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.82                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      85784.59                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    746053164                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7932548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7932548                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1580980                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            792254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           792254                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19030584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19030584                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    659570048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           659570048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              659570048                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         11476811000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        41385516500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       543337547                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    467268331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     10983528                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    313500494                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       282341331                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.060889                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        23550425                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       230486                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            498056862                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            3181123                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                  5272                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        501237985                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           168623044                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1501799                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   11                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       170124843                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            666679906                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            4682922                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                  5283                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        671362828                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           263990031                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            767031                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       264757062                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  106                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1768158302                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    295537280                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2600598311                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           543337547                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    305891756                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             466232089                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        76478885                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      499979937                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154154                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     17710913                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          408                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         263990031                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       4750331                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1339333956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.941710                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.049034                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        873101867     65.19%     65.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         32455714      2.42%     67.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         66847182      4.99%     72.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         26560081      1.98%     74.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         42500962      3.17%     77.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         24986597      1.87%     79.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         20601311      1.54%     81.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         82018645      6.12%     87.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        170261597     12.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1339333956                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.307290                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.470795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        355465346                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     464803227                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         428725085                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      31267569                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       59072728                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     43220099                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        660965                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2568249283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1860835                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       59072728                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        394894308                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       163374709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    209295630                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         419372646                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      93323934                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2526044686                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        317965                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7538063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      54349982                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1775437263                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3250741076                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3212613532                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     38127544                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1432210184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        343227044                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      8693779                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       340922                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         292060490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    532839500                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    188089748                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12353837                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7781676                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2409583188                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       661239                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2278483666                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4489453                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    390174291                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    207791946                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        39577                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1339333956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.701207                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.115827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    652743294     48.74%     48.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    148160024     11.06%     59.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    142530166     10.64%     70.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     74105406      5.53%     75.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    123890741      9.25%     85.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     77316976      5.77%     91.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    106247180      7.93%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11405184      0.85%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2934985      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1339333956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3120953     12.11%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13439884     52.16%     64.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       9204421     35.72%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3917938      0.17%      0.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1575090458     69.13%     69.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       749924      0.03%     69.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     69.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9789948      0.43%     69.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            1      0.00%     69.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      5873991      0.26%     70.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     70.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      1957989      0.09%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    508372527     22.31%     92.42% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    172730889      7.58%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2278483666                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.288620                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25765258                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011308                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5867030560                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2770308383                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2206602358                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     59525433                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     30153697                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29755118                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2270568425                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        29762561                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     33248156                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    109926782                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       421380                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        51562                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     47868975                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        14742                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      6905736                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       59072728                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       114661511                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       6607348                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2451782901                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      7283524                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     532839500                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    188089748                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       340246                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2780481                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        755593                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        51562                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7396179                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4112335                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     11508514                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2260741745                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     501916700                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     17741915                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              41538474                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            672043805                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        481843676                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          170127105                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.278586                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2244955321                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2236357476                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1302910467                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1723527275                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.264795                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.755956                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    402062190                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       621662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     10337081                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1280261228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.585922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.554552                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    764573071     59.72%     59.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    153923568     12.02%     71.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     54667528      4.27%     76.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     29107517      2.27%     78.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     97534498      7.62%     85.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     12629322      0.99%     86.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32075631      2.51%     89.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     51925532      4.06%     93.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     83824561      6.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1280261228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2030394775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2030394775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              563133487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             422912714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              310778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          439677549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           29375871                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1971857062                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     16328100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      83824561                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3611349768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4924206388                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 5355709                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               428824346                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.884079                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.884079                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.131120                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.131120                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2929227220                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1586078122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          19966706                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         19579924                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         4617123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2579545                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2770342426                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         7928142.288932                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          7928142.288932                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1677.560000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8725142                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32594.610062                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    24669597                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8757479                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.816975                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6859.122760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   136.087550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25400.105060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        127.681006                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         71.613686                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.209324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.775150                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003897                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.994709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2178097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2833786                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5011883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         18668874                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              18668874                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14813871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              14813871                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       2178097                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17647657                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 19825754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2178097                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17647657                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                19825754                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11690                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7920858                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               7932548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       792254                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              792254                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11690                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8713112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8724802                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11690                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8713112                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8724802                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    943013500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 509132833750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    510075847250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  58354525250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   58354525250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    943013500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 567487359000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     568430372500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    943013500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 567487359000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    568430372500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2189787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10754644                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            12944431                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     18668874                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          18668874                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15606125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          15606125                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2189787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26360769                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             28550556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2189787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26360769                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            28550556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005338                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736506                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.612816                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050766                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.050766                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005338                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330533                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.305591                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005338                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330533                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.305591                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80668.391788                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64277.485312                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64301.640185                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73656.334017                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73656.334017                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80668.391788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65130.272513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 65151.091394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80668.391788                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 65130.272513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 65151.091394                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1580980                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1580980                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11690                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7920858                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          7932548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       792254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         792254                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11690                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8713112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8724802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11690                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8713112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8724802                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    808734500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 418141212250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 418949946750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  49259788750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49259788750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    808734500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 467401001000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 468209735500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    808734500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 467401001000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 468209735500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005338                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736506                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.612816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005338                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330533                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.305591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005338                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330533                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.305591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69181.736527                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52789.888703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52814.044964                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62176.762440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62176.762440                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69181.736527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53643.405594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53664.224758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 69181.736527                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53643.405594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53664.224758                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3418295202                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           12944431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12944431                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         18668874                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         15606125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        15606125                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4379574                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     71390412                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              75769986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    140146368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2881897152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         3022043520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            3022043520                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        42278589000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3287616503                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       41660346473                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2770342452                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6652548.662932                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6652548.662932                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2189787                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           380034620                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2190811                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            173.467552                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1006.471663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    17.528337                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.982882                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.017118                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261714941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       261714941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261714941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        261714941                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    261714941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       261714941                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2275085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2275085                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2275085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2275085                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2275085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2275085                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18987940739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  18987940739                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18987940739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  18987940739                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  18987940739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  18987940739                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    263990026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    263990026                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    263990026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    263990026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    263990026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    263990026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008618                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008618                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008618                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8346.035748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8346.035748                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8346.035748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8346.035748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  8346.035748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8346.035748                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         4922                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               179                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.497207                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        85298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        85298                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        85298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        85298                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        85298                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        85298                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2189787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2189787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2189787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2189787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2189787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2189787                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14038694990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14038694990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14038694990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14038694990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  14038694990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14038694990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6410.986543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6410.986543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6410.986543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6410.986543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  6410.986543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  6410.986543                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2770345935                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 15126636.489156                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15126636.489156                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      52.818200                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          26360769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           552935697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          26361793                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             20.974890                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.610648                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.389352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    432175159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       432175159                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    119621270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      119621270                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       316451                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       316451                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    551796429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        551796429                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    551796429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       551796429                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     27550759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      27550759                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20288725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     20288725                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          210                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          210                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     47839484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       47839484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     47839484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      47839484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1433633228710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1433633228710                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 440380232280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 440380232280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      4048500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      4048500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1874013460990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1874013460990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1874013460990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1874013460990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    459725918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    459725918                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       316661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       316661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    599635913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    599635913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    599635913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    599635913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.145013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.145013                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000663                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000663                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52036.070175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52036.070175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21705.663233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21705.663233                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19278.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19278.571429                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39172.944695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 39172.944695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 39172.944695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 39172.944695                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     42610485                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets          297                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           6950650                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.130432                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          297                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     18668874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          18668874                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16796047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16796047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4682878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4682878                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21478925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     21478925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21478925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     21478925                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10754712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10754712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15605847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15605847                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          210                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          210                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26360559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26360559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26360559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26360559                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 536775148764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 536775148764                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 162509155424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 162509155424                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3613500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3613500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 699284304188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 699284304188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 699284304188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 699284304188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.111542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111542                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000663                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000663                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043961                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043961                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49910.694844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49910.694844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10413.350549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10413.350549                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17207.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17207.142857                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26527.673567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26527.673567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26527.673567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26527.673567                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
