
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.848504                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                848504336000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1349598152500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 307259                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   307259                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               86903637                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2357564                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9763.74                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       752832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data    557548800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total          558301632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       752832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        752832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    101180096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       101180096                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        11763                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      8711700                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             8723463                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       1580939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            1580939                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       887246                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    657095994                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             657983240                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       887246                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           887246                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       119245232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            119245232                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       119245232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       887246                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    657095994                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            777228471                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     8723463                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    1580939                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   8723463                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  1580939                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                  558301632                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               101180096                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd            558301632                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            101180096                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    480                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0              572902                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1              531832                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2              594841                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3              544217                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4              458468                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5              594368                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6              574027                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7              521327                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8              552365                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9              563647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10             556659                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11             569871                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12             565863                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13             575041                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14             559062                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15             388493                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              103167                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              102572                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              102532                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               98798                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               95045                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              101193                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               98678                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               95527                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              100381                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               98869                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              98641                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             100301                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             103465                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             101363                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             102830                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              77577                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  848502479000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               8723463                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              1580939                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 6837687                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 1444263                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                  333176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  107777                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      73                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   61798                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   68622                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   68723                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   68735                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   68737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   68737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   68737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   68737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   68737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  68737                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  68736                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   6939                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    115                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     14                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      1990576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    331.284758                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   145.152414                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   758.184722                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       959066     48.18%     48.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       342177     17.19%     65.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       160721      8.07%     73.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        99647      5.01%     78.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        63469      3.19%     81.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        47254      2.37%     84.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        35196      1.77%     85.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        31189      1.57%     87.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        23501      1.18%     88.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        20077      1.01%     89.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        15525      0.78%     90.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        15417      0.77%     91.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        13089      0.66%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        11740      0.59%     92.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        10241      0.51%     92.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         9610      0.48%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         8652      0.43%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         7706      0.39%     94.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         6153      0.31%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         5982      0.30%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         6025      0.30%     95.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         6091      0.31%     95.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4604      0.23%     95.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         4556      0.23%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         4412      0.22%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         4310      0.22%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         3763      0.19%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         3509      0.18%     96.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         3327      0.17%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         3140      0.16%     96.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         3078      0.15%     97.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         3066      0.15%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         2432      0.12%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         1892      0.10%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1697      0.09%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1405      0.07%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1276      0.06%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1183      0.06%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1059      0.05%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1073      0.05%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         1251      0.06%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         1027      0.05%     97.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753          947      0.05%     98.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          893      0.04%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881          743      0.04%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945          708      0.04%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009          761      0.04%     98.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          664      0.03%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137          565      0.03%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201          554      0.03%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265          677      0.03%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          768      0.04%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          671      0.03%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          762      0.04%     98.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          777      0.04%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          668      0.03%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          769      0.04%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          663      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777         1235      0.06%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          779      0.04%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          472      0.02%     98.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          761      0.04%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          625      0.03%     98.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097         1325      0.07%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161         3123      0.16%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         2073      0.10%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289         1241      0.06%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353         1121      0.06%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          846      0.04%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          522      0.03%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          503      0.03%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          513      0.03%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          330      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          283      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          243      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          456      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          207      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          155      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          193      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          196      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          218      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          187      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          207      0.01%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          204      0.01%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          144      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          147      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          148      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          144      0.01%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          155      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          162      0.01%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          167      0.01%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          147      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          140      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          142      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          113      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          149      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          138      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273          191      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          238      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          231      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          214      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          159      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          159      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          194      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          173      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          163      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          155      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          232      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          240      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          211      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          224      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          229      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          272      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          296      0.01%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          302      0.02%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          284      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          220      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          209      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          368      0.02%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          538      0.03%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          589      0.03%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          642      0.03%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          465      0.02%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          263      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          120      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065           66      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           43      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          794      0.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      1990576                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  65676079500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            250226363250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                43614915000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              140935368750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7529.08                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  16156.79                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                28685.87                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       657.98                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       119.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               657.98                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               119.25                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         6.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.29                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.74                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                  7588781                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  724554                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 87.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                45.83                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      82343.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    777228471                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq             7931359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp            7931359                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           1580939                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            792104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           792104                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     19027865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               19027865                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    659481728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           659481728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              659481728                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         11475957000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy        41379577250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       539356064                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    463302211                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     10968017                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    308753038                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       278211608                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     90.108136                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        23555978                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       223155                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            495985450                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            3152099                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                  5061                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        499137549                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           168829229                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           1378918                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   11                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       170208147                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            664814679                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            4531017                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                  5072                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        669345696                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           255578343                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            782489                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       256360832                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  106                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1697008672                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    278446730                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2565541053                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           539356064                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    301767586                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             458073807                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        71907684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      487721099                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       154733                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     17760896                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          288                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         255578343                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       4348773                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1299249885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.974633                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.068383                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        841176078     64.74%     64.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         32416595      2.50%     67.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         62847662      4.84%     72.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         26580092      2.05%     74.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         42433915      3.27%     77.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         23095539      1.78%     79.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         20558652      1.58%     80.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         82007225      6.31%     87.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        168134127     12.94%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1299249885                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.317828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.511802                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        338136091                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     452587387                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         420922364                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      31160657                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       56443385                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     43210245                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        668474                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2533517924                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       1867178                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       56443385                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        375882009                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       158879975                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles    202185412                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         413159699                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      92699404                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2494427667                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents        297259                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        7432972                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      53866130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1754213814                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3196382916                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3158244317                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     38138599                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1432210184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        322003595                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      8698681                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       338915                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         290627322                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    530470585                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    183686879                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12182174                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7555296                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2392764442                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       659352                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2267034643                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      4421285                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    373727021                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    195329771                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        37690                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1299249885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.744880                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.129827                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    617065857     47.49%     47.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    147408997     11.35%     58.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    141595923     10.90%     69.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     72303650      5.57%     75.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    124078995      9.55%     84.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     77448454      5.96%     90.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6    103666522      7.98%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11486428      0.88%     99.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4195059      0.32%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1299249885                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3107059     12.08%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       13544027     52.65%     64.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       9071424     35.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      3917938      0.17%      0.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1565551992     69.06%     69.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       742487      0.03%     69.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     69.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      9789948      0.43%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            1      0.00%     69.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      5873991      0.26%     69.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            1      0.00%     69.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      1957989      0.09%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     70.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    506326846     22.33%     92.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    172873450      7.63%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2267034643                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.335900                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            25722510                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011346                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5803926240                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2737025007                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2197979146                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     59536720                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     30167271                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     29759214                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2259070981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        29768234                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     33324602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    107557867                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       430677                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        47222                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     43466106                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        18712                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      2953141                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       56443385                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       110628565                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       6527208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2434932050                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      5140719                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     530470585                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    183686879                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       338228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents        2768453                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        742955                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        47222                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      7369919                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4134066                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     11503985                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2249805222                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     499812439                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     17229415                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              41508256                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            670022771                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        479984247                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          170210332                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.325748                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2236206400                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2227738360                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1301791519                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1722373871                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.312744                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.755812                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    384606669                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       621662                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     10319070                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1242806500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.633718                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.574670                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    726824842     58.48%     58.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    153841004     12.38%     70.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     53887997      4.34%     75.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     30153095      2.43%     77.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     97335665      7.83%     85.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     13466211      1.08%     86.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     32382614      2.61%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     51971483      4.18%     93.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     82943589      6.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1242806500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2030394775                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2030394775                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              563133487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             422912714                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              310778                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          439677549                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           29375871                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1971857062                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     16328100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      82943589                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3557320491                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4886660060                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 5095140                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               397758787                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.848504                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.848504                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.178544                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.178544                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2911759981                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1579136361                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          19970829                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         19579922                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         4617123                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2579545                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2699192799                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         8359745.475313                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          8359745.475313                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5037.425790                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   8723791                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32601.387242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    24702530                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   8756128                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.821170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6861.924295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   133.817270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 25412.613529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        123.689359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         69.342789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.209409                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.775531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.994915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2211470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2832889                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 5044359                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         18669169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              18669169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14814566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              14814566                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       2211470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17647455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 19858925                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      2211470                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17647455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                19858925                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11763                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      7919596                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total               7931359                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       792104                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              792104                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      8711700                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                8723463                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11763                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      8711700                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               8723463                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    921167500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 485471457000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    486392624500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56015891250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   56015891250                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    921167500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 541487348250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     542408515750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    921167500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 541487348250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    542408515750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2223233                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     10752485                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            12975718                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     18669169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          18669169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15606670                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          15606670                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2223233                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26359155                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             28582388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      2223233                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26359155                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            28582388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005291                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736536                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.611246                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.050754                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330500                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.305204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330500                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.305204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78310.592536                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61300.028057                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61325.256428                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70717.849234                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 70717.849234                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78310.592536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62156.335532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62178.118455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 78310.592536                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62156.335532                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62178.118455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              1580939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   1580939                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7919596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          7931359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       792104                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         792104                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8711700                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           8723463                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        11763                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8711700                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          8723463                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    786050500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 394493368000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 395279418500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46923016750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  46923016750                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    786050500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 441416384750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 442202435250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    786050500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 441416384750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 442202435250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005291                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.736536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.611246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.050754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.050754                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.305204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.005291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.330500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.305204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66823.981977                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49812.309618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49837.539632                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59238.454483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59238.454483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66823.981977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50669.373917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50691.157313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66823.981977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50669.373917                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50691.157313                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  3564035586                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           12975718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          12975718                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         18669169                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         15606670                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        15606670                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      4446466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     71387479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              75833945                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    142286912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2881812736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         3024099648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            3024099648                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        42294947500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy        3337814967                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       41658310226                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2699192822                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 6662927.300725                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  6662927.300725                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           2223233                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           371651850                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           2224257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            167.090336                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1008.457080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    15.542920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.984821                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.015179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    253332171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       253332171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    253332171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        253332171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    253332171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       253332171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2246169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       2246169                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2246169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        2246169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2246169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       2246169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12342005706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12342005706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12342005706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  12342005706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  12342005706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  12342005706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    255578340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    255578340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    255578340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    255578340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    255578340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    255578340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008789                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008789                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5494.691497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5494.691497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5494.691497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5494.691497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5494.691497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5494.691497                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         5525                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               161                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    34.316770                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        22936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        22936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        22936                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2223233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2223233                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2223233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      2223233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      2223233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      2223233                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7585529028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7585529028                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7585529028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7585529028                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   7585529028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7585529028                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008699                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.008699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008699                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3411.936143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3411.936143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3411.936143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3411.936143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3411.936143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3411.936143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2699196305                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 15643590.836463                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15643590.836463                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          26359155                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           552849409                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          26360179                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             20.972900                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1023.624984                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.375016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.999634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    432069364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       432069364                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    119642225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      119642225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       315003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       315003                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    551711589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        551711589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    551711589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       551711589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     27455650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      27455650                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     20267770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     20267770                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     47723420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       47723420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     47723420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      47723420                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1357546105968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 1357546105968                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 386865688720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 386865688720                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3775500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      3775500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1744411794688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 1744411794688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1744411794688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 1744411794688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    459525014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    459525014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    139909995                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       315230                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       315230                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       310778                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    599435009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    599435009                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    599435009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    599435009                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.059748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.144863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.144863                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000720                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000720                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.079614                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.079614                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49445.054332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49445.054332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 19087.728385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19087.728385                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 16632.158590                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16632.158590                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36552.531120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36552.531120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36552.531120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36552.531120                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     28961992                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           4739661                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     6.110562                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     18669169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          18669169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     16703046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     16703046                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4661446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      4661446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21364492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     21364492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     21364492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     21364492                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     10752604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     10752604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15606324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     15606324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26358928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26358928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26358928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26358928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 503856908020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 503856908020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 120840583483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 120840583483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3306500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3306500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 624697491503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 624697491503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 624697491503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 624697491503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.023399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.111545                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.111545                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000720                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000720                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46859.059259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46859.059259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7743.052335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7743.052335                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14566.079295                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14566.079295                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23699.654686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23699.654686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 23699.654686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23699.654686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
