
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.517059                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                517059432500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1017059976500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 364085                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   364085                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               62751216                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2211804                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  8239.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000008                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000008                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       112384                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     70373120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           70485504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       112384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        112384                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     22134784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        22134784                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1756                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1099580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1101336                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        345856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             345856                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       217352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    136102575                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             136319927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       217352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           217352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        42808974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             42808974                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        42808974                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       217352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    136102575                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            179128901                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1101336                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     345856                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1101336                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   345856                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   70485504                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                22134784                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             70485504                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             22134784                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    136                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               69353                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               69533                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               69281                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               69218                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               69271                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               69225                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               69215                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               68854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68647                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               68777                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              68354                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              67549                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              67868                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              68506                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              68908                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              68641                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               21851                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               21831                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               21968                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               21885                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               21613                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               21851                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               21999                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               21782                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               21648                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               21578                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              21321                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              20630                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              21066                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              21540                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              21643                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              21650                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  517058121500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1101336                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               345856                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  871999                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  125784                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   82964                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   20440                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   13222                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   15015                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   15034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   15038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   15038                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  15037                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   1816                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       179538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    515.650258                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   167.296030                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1283.349755                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        91885     51.18%     51.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        22750     12.67%     63.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         9006      5.02%     68.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         5071      2.82%     71.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         4127      2.30%     73.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         4645      2.59%     76.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         3241      1.81%     78.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2201      1.23%     79.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1766      0.98%     80.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1736      0.97%     81.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1492      0.83%     82.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2327      1.30%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         2170      1.21%     84.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1852      1.03%     85.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1124      0.63%     86.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          929      0.52%     87.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          773      0.43%     87.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          676      0.38%     87.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          908      0.51%     88.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         3094      1.72%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         3483      1.94%     92.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1574      0.88%     92.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         4103      2.29%     95.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          772      0.43%     95.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          220      0.12%     95.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          160      0.09%     95.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          133      0.07%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          156      0.09%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           92      0.05%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          119      0.07%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          100      0.06%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          120      0.07%     96.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           90      0.05%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           71      0.04%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           70      0.04%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          122      0.07%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           64      0.04%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           52      0.03%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497          217      0.12%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           42      0.02%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           52      0.03%     96.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           44      0.02%     96.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           41      0.02%     96.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           48      0.03%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           39      0.02%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           44      0.02%     96.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           31      0.02%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           39      0.02%     96.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           46      0.03%     96.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           27      0.02%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           31      0.02%     96.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329          368      0.20%     97.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393          411      0.23%     97.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           27      0.02%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           16      0.01%     97.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           26      0.01%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            9      0.01%     97.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           30      0.02%     97.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           30      0.02%     97.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           31      0.02%     97.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           32      0.02%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           56      0.03%     97.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           13      0.01%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           16      0.01%     97.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           17      0.01%     97.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           23      0.01%     97.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           15      0.01%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            6      0.00%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           15      0.01%     97.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           19      0.01%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            8      0.00%     97.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           19      0.01%     97.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           21      0.01%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           16      0.01%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            7      0.00%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865           16      0.01%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           15      0.01%     97.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            9      0.01%     97.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           14      0.01%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            9      0.01%     97.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           14      0.01%     97.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           13      0.01%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313           10      0.01%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           18      0.01%     97.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           13      0.01%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           18      0.01%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            4      0.00%     97.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633           10      0.01%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697           15      0.01%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761           10      0.01%     97.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           13      0.01%     97.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           17      0.01%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953           19      0.01%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            9      0.01%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081           13      0.01%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           12      0.01%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209           17      0.01%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273           17      0.01%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337           25      0.01%     97.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           11      0.01%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465           10      0.01%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            9      0.01%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            9      0.01%     97.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            9      0.01%     97.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           16      0.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            9      0.01%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           12      0.01%     97.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913           19      0.01%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            5      0.00%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            7      0.00%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           11      0.01%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            8      0.00%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.00%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297           10      0.01%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           10      0.01%     97.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            9      0.01%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            8      0.00%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            9      0.01%     97.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            8      0.00%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681           10      0.01%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            7      0.00%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            5      0.00%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            7      0.00%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            8      0.00%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            8      0.00%     97.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            7      0.00%     97.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           18      0.01%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         3736      2.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::9024-9025            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       179538                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   7344677750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             28051371500                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5506000000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               15200693750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      6669.70                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13803.75                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                25473.46                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       136.32                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        42.81                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               136.32                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                42.81                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.40                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.88                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   995198                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  272315                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 90.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                78.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     357283.71                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    179128901                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              919322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             919322                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            345856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            182014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           182014                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2548528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2548528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     92620288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            92620288                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               92620288                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          2107020000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5225802000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       336584829                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    250567234                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      8318824                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    226154531                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       203242745                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     89.868969                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        20941618                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect        31793                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            411086904                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1042423                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     1                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        412129327                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           219759228                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            130146                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    1                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       219889374                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            630846132                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1172569                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     2                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        632018701                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           299195254                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses             59745                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    3                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       299254999                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  925                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1034118866                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    303962232                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2326823777                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           336584829                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    224184363                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             448310634                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        33226841                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      236526262                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          560                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       431934                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          240                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         299195254                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       3115491                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1013928707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.294859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.123044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        565618073     55.78%     55.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         53466201      5.27%     61.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         55714354      5.49%     66.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         31068058      3.06%     69.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         54730667      5.40%     75.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         30607422      3.02%     78.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         26622132      2.63%     80.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         31782276      3.13%     83.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        164319524     16.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1013928707                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.325480                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.250054                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        331901275                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     214288231                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         418186313                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      25705809                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       23847078                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     60190444                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        849870                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2297306949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2123480                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       23847078                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        351500325                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        55047349                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     78437955                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         424630403                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      80465596                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2273392321                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         31078                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents       27726440                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      35519742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1666045293                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3024988517                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2598461694                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups    426526823                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1508517903                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        157527355                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      5274094                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts       833668                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         179033207                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    420638446                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    224835370                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     12179632                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4570750                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2157600325                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      1640387                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2097146192                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       379591                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    156835005                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    106370422                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        10314                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1013928707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.068337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.797503                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    255756171     25.22%     25.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    189506548     18.69%     43.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    189514056     18.69%     62.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    162706691     16.05%     78.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    107606226     10.61%     89.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     59226158      5.84%     95.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     34315632      3.38%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14335827      1.41%     99.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       961398      0.09%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1013928707                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          790798      2.90%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd         11371      0.04%      2.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp       1122520      4.12%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            79      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult          314      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      7.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       11350997     41.63%     48.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      13988445     51.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       577903      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1281582171     61.11%     61.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2380840      0.11%     61.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     61.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    104656337      4.99%     66.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp     25884703      1.23%     67.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     20124177      0.96%     68.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult     23437738      1.12%     69.55% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv      2211207      0.11%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    415548791     19.81%     89.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    220742325     10.53%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2097146192                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.027955                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            27264524                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.013001                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   4749254340                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2038281213                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1836342746                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    486610863                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    277806635                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    240993988                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     1879566470                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses       244266343                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     29247386                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     34521220                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        53636                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12176                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     11135341                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads       797058                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       165615                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       23847078                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        39406898                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       2259798                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2229166750                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       718690                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     420638446                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    224835370                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       821269                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         198156                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         99332                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12176                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3887788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      4353485                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      8241273                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2088278631                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     412130053                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      8867558                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              69926038                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            632019763                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        309810684                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          219889710                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.019380                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2079862859                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2077336734                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1282312170                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1718020336                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.008799                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.746389                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    160401179                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      1630073                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      7469057                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    990081629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.086999                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.621683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    355157199     35.87%     35.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    241554815     24.40%     60.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    129040744     13.03%     73.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     42500632      4.29%     77.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     52780309      5.33%     82.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     23710958      2.39%     85.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18263643      1.84%     87.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16683374      1.69%     88.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110389955     11.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    990081629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2066299341                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2066299341                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              599817240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             386117214                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars              814574                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          296498206                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts          233657461                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1809134879                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     19334804                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110389955                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3105323919                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4477279951                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  269926                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                20190159                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000007                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000007                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.517059                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.517059                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.934014                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.934014                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2550504097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1364603538                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads         316021360                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes        204361792                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads        80784666                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        1918082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 3                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 1                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000092                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000031                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2034117562                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         261979.627796                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          261979.627796                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             389.277000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1101087                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32386.152773                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      396563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1133438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.349876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18313.746835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   111.128348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13573.705811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        387.571780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.558891                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.003391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.414237                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.011828                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.988347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          217                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  115650                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           449900                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                449900                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        58935                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 58935                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        174368                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   174585                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          217                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       174368                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  174585                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1756                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       917566                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                919322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       182014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              182014                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1756                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1099580                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1101336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1756                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1099580                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1101336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120540250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  56078168750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56198709000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12042209500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   12042209500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120540250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68120378250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      68240918500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    120540250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  68120378250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     68240918500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1032999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             1034972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       449900                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            449900                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       240949                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            240949                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1273948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1275921                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1273948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1275921                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.890015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888254                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.888258                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755405                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.755405                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.890015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863128                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.863169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.890015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863128                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.863169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68644.789294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61116.223520                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61130.603858                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66160.896964                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66160.896964                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68644.789294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61951.270712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61961.943040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68644.789294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61951.270712                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61961.943040                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               345856                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    345856                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1756                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       917566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           919322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       182014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         182014                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1099580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1101336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1756                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1099580                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1101336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100368750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  45534407250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  45634776000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9951866500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9951866500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100368750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55486273750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  55586642500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    100368750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55486273750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  55586642500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.890015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.888254                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.888258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.755405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.755405                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.890015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863128                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.863169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.890015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.863128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.863169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57157.602506                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49625.211974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49639.599618                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54676.379290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54676.379290                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57157.602506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50461.334100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50472.010812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 57157.602506                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50461.334100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50472.010812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   213616728                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            1034972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1034972                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           449900                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           240949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          240949                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         3946                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2997796                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3001742                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       126272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    110326272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          110452544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             110452544                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1312810500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           3387250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        2180000000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2034119951                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 7539720.233286                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  7539720.233286                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1873                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           993.275024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1296011311                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2896                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          447517.717887                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   485.346463                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   507.928561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.473971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.496024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.969995                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299192624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       299192624                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299192624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        299192624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    299192624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       299192624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          2623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           2623                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          2623                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162936999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    162936999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162936999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    162936999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    162936999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    162936999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299195247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    299195247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299195247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    299195247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    299195247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    299195247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000009                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62118.566146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62118.566146                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62118.566146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62118.566146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62118.566146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62118.566146                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1252                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                32                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    39.125000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1973                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1973                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1973                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123611999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123611999                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123611999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123611999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    123611999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123611999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62651.798784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62651.798784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62651.798784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62651.798784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62651.798784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62651.798784                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           28                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.027344                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2034119953                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 12486916.771791                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  12486916.771791                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      12.584000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1273948                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           933123719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1274972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            731.877813                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   976.762925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    47.237075                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.953870                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.046130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    375589816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       375589816                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    211983888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      211983888                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total       814716                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    587573704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        587573704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    587573704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       587573704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4510486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       4510486                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       901563                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       901563                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           46                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      5412049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total        5412049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      5412049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total       5412049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 241393413750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 241393413750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  46071353734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  46071353734                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      1174500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      1174500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287464767484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 287464767484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 287464767484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 287464767484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    380100302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    380100302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    212885451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total       814762                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total       814574                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    592985753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    592985753                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    592985753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    592985753                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011867                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.004235                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000056                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.009127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53518.271368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53518.271368                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51101.646512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 51101.646512                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 25532.608696                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25532.608696                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53115.699338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53115.699338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53115.699338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53115.699338                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3529922                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             58334                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    60.512257                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       449900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            449900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3477470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3477470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       660651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       660651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total           26                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4138121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4138121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4138121                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4138121                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1033016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      1033016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       240912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       240912                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1273928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1273928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1273928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1273928                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  57723587750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57723587750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  12583500244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12583500244                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       349000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       349000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70307087994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  70307087994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70307087994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  70307087994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001132                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000025                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002148                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55878.696700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55878.696700                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52232.766504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52232.766504                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        17450                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        17450                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55189.216340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55189.216340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55189.216340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55189.216340                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
