
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.639653                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                639652982000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1140719881500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 284888                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   284888                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               60743161                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2207096                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 10530.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     77415104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           77416512                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     54807936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        54807936                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1209611                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1209633                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        856374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             856374                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         2201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    121026723                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             121028924                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         2201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             2201                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        85683859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             85683859                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        85683859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         2201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    121026723                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            206712783                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1209633                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     856374                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1209633                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   856374                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   77416512                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                54807936                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             77416512                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             54807936                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    592                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               73572                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               74088                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               74947                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               75736                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               73823                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               82325                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               80991                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               80215                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               77571                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               76954                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              77691                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              79756                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              73216                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              70667                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              69323                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              68166                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               51862                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               52428                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               54058                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               54358                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               52416                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               57342                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               56575                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               56633                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               55272                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               54697                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              54858                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              56787                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              51365                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              49750                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              49223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              48750                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  636986330500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1209633                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               856374                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                 1078519                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   95151                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   24469                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   10900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   34262                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   37160                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   37229                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  37234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  37233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  37233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  37233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  37233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  37233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  37233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  37233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  37233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   2972                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                     74                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       869098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    151.991550                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    89.953248                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   434.774788                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       649648     74.75%     74.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        97502     11.22%     85.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        32180      3.70%     89.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        19520      2.25%     91.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12364      1.42%     93.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         8901      1.02%     94.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         6589      0.76%     95.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         6911      0.80%     95.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3640      0.42%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2786      0.32%     96.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2469      0.28%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2123      0.24%     97.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1623      0.19%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1386      0.16%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1293      0.15%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1164      0.13%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1104      0.13%     97.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         1008      0.12%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          899      0.10%     98.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          807      0.09%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          844      0.10%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          988      0.11%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         8014      0.92%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          935      0.11%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          520      0.06%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          319      0.04%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          194      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          146      0.02%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          155      0.02%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          104      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           96      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           81      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           77      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           61      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           54      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           53      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           53      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           48      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           39      0.00%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           35      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           26      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           30      0.00%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           31      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           22      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           17      0.00%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           27      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           33      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           25      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           21      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           16      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           14      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           14      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           10      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           10      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           12      0.00%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           16      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            8      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           11      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           13      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           10      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           16      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            6      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097            2      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            5      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            3      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            7      0.00%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            9      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            5      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           11      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            9      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            4      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            8      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            9      0.00%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            6      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           11      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            9      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            6      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            5      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            8      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            4      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            3      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.00%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            6      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            3      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            4      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            5      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873           11      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937           12      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001           10      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            9      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           11      0.00%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193         1635      0.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8896-8897            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       869098                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  18414235250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             51441202750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 6045205000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               26981762500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     15230.45                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  22316.66                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                42547.11                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       121.03                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        85.68                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               121.03                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                85.68                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.61                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.08                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.67                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   794917                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  401385                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 65.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                46.87                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     308317.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    206712783                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              604879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             604879                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            856374                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            604754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           604754                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      3275640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                3275640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    132224448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           132224448                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              132224448                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          4458499500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5737048750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       345312780                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    291737333                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     16151682                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    188222085                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       186395645                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.029636                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        12509008                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           39                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            697872592                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            7833180                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        705705772                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           183525470                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           8832494                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       192357964                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            881398062                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           16665674                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        898063736                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           353705797                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              9703                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       353715500                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1279305964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    365833492                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3307731717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           345312780                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    198904653                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             548845297                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       139317429                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      223242318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        31000                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         353705797                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       6360878                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1255035554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.635568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.384764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        706190257     56.27%     56.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         43146970      3.44%     59.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         23830493      1.90%     61.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         30037120      2.39%     64.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65281618      5.20%     69.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         38239956      3.05%     72.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         37469741      2.99%     75.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         37047489      2.95%     78.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        273791910     21.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1255035554                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.269922                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.585567                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        407980019                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     193642656                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         506153789                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      30176007                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      117083082                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     40119450                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3232438162                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           700                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      117083082                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        435417456                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles       104162159                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         4333                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         507515810                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      90852713                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3153862126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         65225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        9053225                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      71531156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2571095398                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4331209359                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4331186627                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        22732                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        928352945                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          197                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         233697423                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    771236434                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    247426240                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads    101036363                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     64722251                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         3024500949                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2743193256                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      6023287                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1019297702                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    526212645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1255035554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.185749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.042108                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    393408852     31.35%     31.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    166782252     13.29%     44.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    179590401     14.31%     58.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    179657869     14.31%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    130445761     10.39%     83.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5    106813033      8.51%     92.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     70465720      5.61%     97.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     23359262      1.86%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4512404      0.36%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1255035554                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3022985     25.80%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     25.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        8227099     70.21%     96.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        468336      4.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1823262074     66.46%     66.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1308      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          347      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          467      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            8      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           44      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    723672168     26.38%     92.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    196256756      7.15%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2743193256                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   2.144282                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            11718420                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.004272                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6759150162                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4043828415                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2646421444                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        13606                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        16612                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         4996                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2754904323                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            7269                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     52168283                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    254394412                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       144820                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        47771                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     92525585                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          864                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1189892                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      117083082                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        70613614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        764668                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3030074892                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     12446900                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     771236434                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    247426240                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         377079                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         10425                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        47771                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8687992                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     10364688                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     19052680                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2700344742                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     705705830                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     42848509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5573943                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            898063809                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        268054185                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          192357979                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             2.110789                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2674419377                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2646426440                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1796038114                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2276570700                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               2.068642                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.788923                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    853656955                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     16151474                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1137952472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.761744                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.629703                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    573287296     50.38%     50.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    186699146     16.41%     66.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    110400171      9.70%     76.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     67958854      5.97%     82.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25251109      2.22%     84.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     16279172      1.43%     86.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     18766215      1.65%     87.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     16076356      1.41%     89.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    123234153     10.83%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1137952472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     123234153                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3803667258                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5834147532                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  380571                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                24270410                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.639653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.639653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.563348                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.563348                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3670431033                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2214996813                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              4983                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              693                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 4                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 4                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000122                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000122                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 2281439743                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         3892410.213795                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          3892410.213795                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             389.277000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1210020                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32548.034447                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    22312351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1242778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     17.953610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    18799.228977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.335561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 13568.451850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        180.018059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.573707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.414076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.005494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.993287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     14010578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14010578                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          7304716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               7304716                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3116774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               3116774                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      17127352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 17127352                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     17127352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                17127352                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       604857                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                604879                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       604754                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              604754                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209611                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1209633                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209611                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1209633                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1655500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44569984750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     44571640250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  51009990500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   51009990500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1655500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95579975250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      95581630750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1655500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95579975250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     95581630750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     14615435                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14615457                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      7304716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           7304716                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      3721528                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           3721528                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18336963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             18336985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     18336963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            18336985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.041386                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162502                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.162502                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065966                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.065967                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065966                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.065967                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        75250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73686.813164                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73686.870019                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84348.330892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84348.330892                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        75250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79017.118107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 79017.049593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        75250                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79017.118107                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 79017.049593                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               856374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    856374                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       604857                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           604879                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       604754                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         604754                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1209633                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1209611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1209633                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1402500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37623444250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37624846750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  44063420500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  44063420500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1402500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81686864750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  81688267250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1402500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81686864750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  81688267250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.041386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.162502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.162502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065966                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.065967                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065966                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.065967                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        63750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62202.213498                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62202.269793                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72861.726421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72861.726421                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        63750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67531.516124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67531.447348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        63750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67531.516124                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67531.447348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2565561187                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14615457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14615457                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          7304716                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          3721528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         3721528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     43978642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              43978686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1641067456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1641068864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1641068864                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        20125566500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             38500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       27794914000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2281439761                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 8913386.095073                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  8913386.095073                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           750.981438                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1355837678                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1793436.082011                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    18.707334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   732.274104                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.018269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.715111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.733380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353705772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       353705772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353705772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        353705772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    353705772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       353705772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1936750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1936750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1936750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1936750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1936750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1936750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    353705797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    353705797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    353705797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    353705797                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    353705797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    353705797                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        77470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        77470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        77470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        77470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        77470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        77470                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1677500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1677500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1677500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1677500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1677500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        76250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           37                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.036133                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         2281439763                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 16787861.971750                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  16787861.971750                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      12.584000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          18336963                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           772733360                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          18337987                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             42.138396                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1022.576034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     1.423966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998609                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    621677573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       621677573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    148310851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      148310851                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    769988424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        769988424                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    769988424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       769988424                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     22843779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      22843779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      6589803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      6589803                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     29433582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       29433582                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     29433582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      29433582                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 355818485250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 355818485250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 203366087375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 203366087375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 559184572625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 559184572625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 559184572625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 559184572625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    644521352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    644521352                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    799422006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    799422006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    799422006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    799422006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.035443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.035443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.042542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.042542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036819                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.036819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036819                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15576.165627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15576.165627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 30860.723359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30860.723359                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18998.182845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 18998.182845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18998.182845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 18998.182845                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      6515469                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         4840                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            511935                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              98                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    12.727141                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    49.387755                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      7304716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           7304716                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      8228336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      8228336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      2868283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      2868283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11096619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     11096619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     11096619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     11096619                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     14615443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     14615443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      3721520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      3721520                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18336963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     18336963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18336963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     18336963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131921998750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 131921998750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  70516220356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  70516220356                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 202438219106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 202438219106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 202438219106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 202438219106                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.024025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024025                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9026.205962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9026.205962                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 18948.230926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18948.230926                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11039.898979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11039.898979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11039.898979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11039.898979                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
