
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  2.303186                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                2303185643000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2803301986000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 179195                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   179195                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              137573396                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2203976                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 16741.50                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   4065553024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         4065553088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total            64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks   3048640384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total      3048640384                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     63524266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            63524267                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      47635006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           47635006                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst           28                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1765186856                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1765186884                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst           28                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total               28                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1323662464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1323662464                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1323662464                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst           28                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1765186856                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3088849348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    63524267                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   47635006                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  63524267                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 47635006                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 4065553088                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten              3048640384                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           4065553088                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr           3048640384                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             3970048                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             3970240                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             3969862                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             3970019                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             3969983                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             3970247                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             3969995                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             3970313                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             3970202                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             3971629                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            3970291                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            3970452                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            3970272                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            3970253                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            3970200                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            3970261                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0             2977138                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1             2977003                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2             2976964                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3             2976878                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4             2977173                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5             2977409                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6             2977324                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7             2977108                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8             2977281                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9             2977276                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10            2977597                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11            2977256                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12            2977251                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13            2977017                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14            2977270                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15            2977061                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  2303185428000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              63524267                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6             47635006                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                20306520                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                19967705                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                13458860                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 9791182                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                 1079839                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                 1859302                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                 2032234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                 2069363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                 2071043                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                 2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                 2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                 2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                 2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                 2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                2071087                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 991249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                 211786                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                  38854                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                   1725                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                     45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples     28066578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    253.475495                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   191.718022                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   283.408536                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      5848645     20.84%     20.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129      4317628     15.38%     36.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193      5122619     18.25%     54.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257      3127302     11.14%     65.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321      3130118     11.15%     76.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385      3808305     13.57%     90.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449      1201871      4.28%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513       966118      3.44%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577       183270      0.65%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        59851      0.21%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         5857      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         5070      0.02%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         4152      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1327      0.00%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         2558      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         3381      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1303      0.00%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         2444      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         1946      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         1372      0.00%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1513      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          523      0.00%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473         1923      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1547      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601         1151      0.00%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         1015      0.00%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          710      0.00%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         1228      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1377      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          381      0.00%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985        28616      0.10%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049        28598      0.10%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113        16187      0.06%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         2001      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1181      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         2819      0.01%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         3435      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         2920      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         4699      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         3900      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         9627      0.03%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         8217      0.03%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753        10209      0.04%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817         5868      0.02%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881        14143      0.05%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945         3559      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         9718      0.03%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         4938      0.02%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137         3534      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         1560      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265        39720      0.14%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329        32630      0.12%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393        21605      0.08%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457          188      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           40      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           13      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           10      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           40      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593           22      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193           42      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total     28066578                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 1992539694000                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            3504494347750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               317621335000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              1194333318750                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     31366.59                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  18801.21                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                55167.80                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1765.19                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                      1323.66                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1765.19                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW              1323.66                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        24.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.52                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.29                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 46435217                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                36657473                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 73.10                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                76.95                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      20719.69                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   3088849348                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            15879909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           15879909                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback          47635006                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          47644358                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         47644358                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    174683540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total              174683540                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   7114193472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          7114193472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             7114193472                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy        246119660500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization              10.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       300484564250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             13.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       206392049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    146444322                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        84895                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    102342586                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       102342578                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.999992                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS              32                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits           1025793964                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             888639                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses       1026682603                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           207615985                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            426021                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       208042006                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1233409949                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1314660                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1234724609                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           863378543                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                 4                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       863378547                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               4606371286                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    963753916                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             7965314228                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           206392049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    102342610                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles            1126469201                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       600074990                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1895889918                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            2                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          700                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         863378543                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      87898202                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   4397754824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.811223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.198479                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       3271285623     74.39%     74.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            15820      0.00%     74.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         50346800      1.14%     75.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         25186996      0.57%     76.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         10636586      0.24%     76.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5        125370385      2.85%     79.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         62536820      1.42%     80.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         74581721      1.70%     82.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        777794073     17.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   4397754824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.044806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.729195                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles       1172369039                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1822906687                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         883284986                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles     107553029                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      411641082                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     59936685                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred             5                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     6966981038                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            22                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      411641082                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles       1310777223                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1525495056                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         845324053                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     304517409                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     6033119699                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents      10543695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      194462283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     137647033                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   5258054429                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    8776489537                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    641311170                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   8135178367                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1791849646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       3466204694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         813029459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1835827818                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    474091602                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     57329014                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11437969                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         4520904022                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        3289503136                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued    323453354                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   2520881535                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined   3073326207                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   4397754824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.747996                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.455921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   3258612968     74.10%     74.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    252812102      5.75%     79.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    211547225      4.81%     84.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    262953052      5.98%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    288048737      6.55%     97.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     80701811      1.84%     99.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     33750484      0.77%     99.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      8097039      0.18%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1231406      0.03%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   4397754824                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2942869      0.96%      0.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd       5884778      1.92%      2.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      2.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     24346114      7.93%     10.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      68621419     22.36%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     33.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      185549052     60.46%     93.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      19544309      6.37%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     274055408      8.33%      8.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%      8.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%      8.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    812669479     24.70%     33.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     33.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     33.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    452143488     13.75%     46.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     17155567      0.52%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead   1523935878     46.33%     93.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    209543316      6.37%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     3289503136                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.714120                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           306888541                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.093293                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5166296786                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    986691403                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    260583621                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   6440806197                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   6055118267                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1850569717                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      367023021                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      3229368656                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     51646182                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads   1465516090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           30                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        24113                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    295955644                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    697213824                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      411641082                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      1120220330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      36438995                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   4520904101                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      2010665                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1835827818                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    474091602                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       29911348                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        272181                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        24113                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9393                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        76301                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        85694                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2763531880                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts    1026682603                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    525971248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1234724609                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         33939588                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          208042006                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.599937                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2112486614                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2111153338                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1638351262                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2263857943                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.458312                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.723699                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts   2521324823                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        84890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   3986113742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.584359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   3441683321     86.34%     86.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    176482720      4.43%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     53500093      1.34%     92.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     64287879      1.61%     93.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     76440023      1.92%     95.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     41341491      1.04%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     14569682      0.37%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18700410      0.47%     97.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     99108123      2.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   3986113742                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000000036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000000036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              548447673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             370311718                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           30014407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1785581787                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         745004108                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls           10                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      99108123                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           8401677832                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          9454292440                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 1946008                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               208616462                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       2.303186                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 2.303186                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.434181                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.434181                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1480981307                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       226644258                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        2757389084                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1642972150                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 2                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.000061                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.000061                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 4371567412                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  232390676                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         25419415.756260                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1381380.000195                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          26800795.756455                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 909                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 909                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 4809205.073707                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 255655.309131                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.949524                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.050476                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg             294.259111                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         1818                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         1818                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     29784294                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     29784294                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  63514843                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 31982.291697                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    34981258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  63546796                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.550480                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    23926.154761                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.000410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  8054.154767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          1.981758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.730168                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.245793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000060                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.976022                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    2163                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         82596856                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              82596856                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     34961936                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              34961936                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      34964099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 34964099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     34964099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                34964099                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15879908                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              15879909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     47644358                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            47644358                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     63524266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               63524267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     63524266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              63524267                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        82750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1582352737000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1582352819750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 4263236609000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  4263236609000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        82750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5845589346000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     5845589428750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        82750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5845589346000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    5845589428750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15882071                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            15882072                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     82596856                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          82596856                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     82606294                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          82606294                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     98488365                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             98488366                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     98488365                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            98488366                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.999864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576764                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.576764                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.644993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.644993                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.644993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.644993                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        82750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 99644.956192                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99644.955129                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 89480.408341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89480.408341                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        82750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92021.359932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 92021.359786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        82750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 92021.359932                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 92021.359786                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             47635006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  47635006                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15879908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         15879909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     47644358                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       47644358                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     63524266                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          63524267                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     63524266                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         63524267                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        71250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1400596747000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1400596818250                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 3716974948000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 3716974948000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        71250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5117571695000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 5117571766250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        71250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5117571695000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 5117571766250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.576764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.576764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.644993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.644993                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.644993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.644993                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        71250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 88199.298573                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88199.297505                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 78015.007527                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78015.007527                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        71250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80560.894556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80560.894410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        71250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 80560.894556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 80560.894410                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  5031923607                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           15882072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          15882072                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         82596856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         82606294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        82606294                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    279573586                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             279573588                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           64                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side  11589454144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total        11589454208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus           11589454208                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy       173139467000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              7.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              1750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy      162297104250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             7.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         5606603968                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 21757138.942893                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  21757138.942893                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg      53.224000                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           647.827653                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1825653557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          2817366.600309                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.827653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.631836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.632644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    863378540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       863378540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    863378540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        863378540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    863378540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       863378540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total              3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total             3                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       237750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       237750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       237750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       237750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       237750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       237750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    863378543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    863378543                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    863378543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    863378543                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    863378543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    863378543                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        79250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total        79250                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        79250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total        79250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        79250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total        79250                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        83750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        83750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        83750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        83750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        83750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           36                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.035156                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         4144209014                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          460744508                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 9077193.072824                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1005899.998976                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  10083093.071800                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          331                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          331                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 12520268.924471                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1391977.365559                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.899946                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.100054                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg       9.769869                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         9556                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1         2360                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        11916                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       327028                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       327028                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    28.870091                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          98476449                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           991.560188                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           346435487                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          98477437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              3.517917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   991.553185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.007002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.968314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.968320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    250709862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       250709862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     95529637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       95529637                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    346239499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        346239499                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    346239499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       346239499                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     75194541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      75194541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     82606318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     82606318                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    157800859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      157800859                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    157800859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     157800859                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5997291589500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 5997291589500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 4750700086788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 4750700086788                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10747991676288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 10747991676288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10747991676288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 10747991676288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    325904403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    325904403                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    178135955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    178135955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    504040358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    504040358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    504040358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    504040358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.230726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.230726                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.463726                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.313072                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.313072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.313072                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79757.007753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79757.007753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57510.129997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57510.129997                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68111.110069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68111.110069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68111.110069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68111.110069                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   2327108109                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          69393590                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    33.534915                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     82596856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          82596856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     59312470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     59312470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     59312494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     59312494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     59312494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     59312494                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15882071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15882071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     82606294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     82606294                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     98488365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     98488365                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     98488365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     98488365                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1599658330500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1599658330500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 4563344442288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 4563344442288                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6163002772788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 6163002772788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6163002772788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 6163002772788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.463726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.463726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195398                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.195398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.195398                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 100721.016201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100721.016201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55242.091387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55242.091387                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62575.947654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62575.947654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62575.947654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62575.947654                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
