
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.823218                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                823218179500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1323520884500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 152923                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   152923                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               41963109                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2344408                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19617.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1481600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     73604288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           75085888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1481600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1481600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40710080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40710080                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        23150                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1150067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1173217                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        636095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             636095                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1799766                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     89410426                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91210192                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1799766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1799766                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        49452358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             49452358                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        49452358                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1799766                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     89410426                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            140662550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1173217                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     636095                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1173217                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   636095                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   75085888                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40710080                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             75085888                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40710080                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    105                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74281                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               73261                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               73879                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               70353                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               76340                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               75761                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               73524                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68449                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               71966                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              69854                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              72687                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74294                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              74821                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              75119                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              74172                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               39719                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               40035                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               38775                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               38599                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               40252                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               41489                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               42098                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39780                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               37799                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               38656                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              38118                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39803                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              40615                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39932                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39953                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              40472                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  823215702000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1173217                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               636095                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  855158                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  218962                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   78801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   20135                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      54                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   22850                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27358                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27652                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27657                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27656                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4807                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       869276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    133.200981                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.128468                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.969672                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       569731     65.54%     65.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       159259     18.32%     83.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        60174      6.92%     90.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        23746      2.73%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12790      1.47%     94.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         7560      0.87%     95.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         5791      0.67%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         4151      0.48%     97.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3195      0.37%     97.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2743      0.32%     97.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2155      0.25%     97.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2122      0.24%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1625      0.19%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1357      0.16%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1215      0.14%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1229      0.14%     98.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          905      0.10%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          788      0.09%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          680      0.08%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          894      0.10%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          667      0.08%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          423      0.05%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          404      0.05%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1488      0.17%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          336      0.04%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          254      0.03%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          192      0.02%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          603      0.07%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          202      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          135      0.02%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          105      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          382      0.04%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          119      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           80      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           77      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          265      0.03%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           95      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           69      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           62      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          169      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           72      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           63      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           57      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          120      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           50      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           50      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           32      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           98      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           36      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           23      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           43      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           63      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           20      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           29      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           20      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           30      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           18      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           24      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           12      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           27      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           16      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            5      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           10      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           27      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            8      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            6      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           10      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            8      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       869276                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  26555515500                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             57276111750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5865560000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               24855036250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22636.81                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  21187.27                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48824.08                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        91.21                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        49.45                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                91.21                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                49.45                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.07                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.85                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   707381                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  232543                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.56                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     454988.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    140662550                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              669832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             669832                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            636095                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            503385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           503385                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2982529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2982529                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    115795968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           115795968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              115795968                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3449036000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5565187250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       547067385                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    388652164                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     31505242                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    373285033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       278964779                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     74.732377                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        50160366                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       765700                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            805679277                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           16329275                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                104931                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        822008552                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           427306550                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           3450040                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                 1049                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       430756590                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1232985827                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           19779315                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                105980                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1252765142                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           522580611                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses           1622104                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       524202715                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1471                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1646436359                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    612053236                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3550096985                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           547067385                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    329125145                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             675107761                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       175594887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      165183677                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       172867                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     13487125                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          671                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         522580611                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      13747377                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1602162466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.215816                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.065127                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        927054705     57.86%     57.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         64072153      4.00%     61.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         67530989      4.21%     66.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         66862868      4.17%     70.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         75254885      4.70%     74.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         62771137      3.92%     78.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         69678681      4.35%     83.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         34069445      2.13%     85.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        234867603     14.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1602162466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.332274                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.156231                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        656983744                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     154079853                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         643490707                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      13941305                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      133666856                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     70249753                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2585267                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3439008137                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       8759448                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      133666856                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        684292824                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        41725157                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     69749920                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         629056878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      43670830                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3343220694                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         17514                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         976445                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      36479344                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2289240140                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4134051999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4106038587                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     28013412                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1397224081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        892016043                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2254682                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1760667                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         121932731                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1046991742                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    499939406                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     56484892                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     13853700                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         3104628861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3198587                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2621841942                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     17268365                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1094912222                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    737883020                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       534660                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1602162466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.636439                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.820262                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    650215300     40.58%     40.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    256832278     16.03%     56.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    236055236     14.73%     71.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    167602189     10.46%     81.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    147352749      9.20%     91.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     84848233      5.30%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     41225560      2.57%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     15160264      0.95%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2870657      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1602162466                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1894023      2.71%      2.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             4      0.00%      2.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp        127572      0.18%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       39823884     57.01%     59.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      28003441     40.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1299256054     49.56%     49.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       444678      0.02%     49.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     49.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3388534      0.13%     49.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      1390836      0.05%     49.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       572421      0.02%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       128235      0.00%     49.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       128308      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    879733985     33.55%     83.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    436798753     16.66%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2621841942                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.592434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            69848924                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.026641                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6905082326                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4176578479                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2478494521                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     27881311                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     26462002                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12629970                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2677671301                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        14019427                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     90876495                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    377088759                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       665690                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       306342                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    187118902                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          274                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1121135                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      133666856                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        25732669                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1076472                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3176196705                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8941425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1046991742                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    499939406                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1737831                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         844215                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        206611                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       306342                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     26426177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      7185788                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     33611965                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2541324930                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     822517055                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     80517010                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              68369257                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1253460230                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        387734948                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          430943175                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.543531                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2519310186                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2491124491                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1353068537                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1899392280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.513040                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.712369                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    930543455                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2663927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     29014969                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1468495610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.393290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.296795                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    812388227     55.32%     55.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    269068765     18.32%     73.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    114791707      7.82%     81.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     55054625      3.75%     85.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     44285654      3.02%     88.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     37323787      2.54%     90.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     23867918      1.63%     92.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18463845      1.26%     93.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     93251082      6.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1468495610                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2046040684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2046040684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              982723480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             669902978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             1331228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          320071823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            9094135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970277568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     30290140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      93251082                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4258819660                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          6087018633                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  420865                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                44273893                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.823218                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.823218                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.214745                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.214745                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3216520357                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1717414206                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          11167043                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          7704999                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3098933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2662525                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2647041538                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         3230672.782605                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          3230672.782605                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5037.425790                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1173576                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32629.535067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    18249539                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1206106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     15.130958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11540.210108                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1093.834022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18634.941690                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        122.581625                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1237.967623                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.352179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.033381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.568693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.037780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.995774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9467453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      4767110                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                14234563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2438597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2438597                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       414265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                414265                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       9467453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       5181375                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 14648828                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9467453                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      5181375                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                14648828                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23150                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       646682                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                669832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       503385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              503385                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23150                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1173217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23150                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1173217                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2053863500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  54675193000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56729056500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39863824750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   39863824750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2053863500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94539017750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      96592881250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2053863500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  94539017750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     96592881250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9490603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5413792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            14904395                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2438597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2438597                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       917650                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            917650                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9490603                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6331442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             15822045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9490603                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6331442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            15822045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119451                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.044942                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.548559                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181644                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.074151                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181644                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.074151                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88719.805616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84547.262797                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84691.469652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79191.522890                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79191.522890                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88719.805616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82203.052300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82331.641333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88719.805616                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82203.052300                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82331.641333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               636095                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    636095                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       646682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           669832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       503385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         503385                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1173217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23150                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1150067                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1173217                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1788054500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47243839000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49031893500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34084179250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34084179250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1788054500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81328018250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83116072750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1788054500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81328018250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83116072750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.119451                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.044942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.548559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.548559                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.074151                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002439                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.181644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.074151                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77237.775378                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73055.750740                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73200.285295                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67709.962057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67709.962057                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77237.775378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70715.895900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70844.586083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 77237.775378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70715.895900                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70844.586083                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1419649271                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           14904395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          14904395                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2438597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           917650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          917650                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     18981206                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     15101481                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              34082687                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    607398592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    561282496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1168681088                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1168681088                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        11568918000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       14243496616                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9774477471                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2647041769                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 13623676.266351                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13623676.266351                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           9490603                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           768344385                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           9491627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             80.949703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   985.245476                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    38.754524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.962154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.037846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    513058263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       513058263                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    513058263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        513058263                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    513058263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       513058263                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9522335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       9522335                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9522335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        9522335                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9522335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       9522335                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50076601445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  50076601445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50076601445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  50076601445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  50076601445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  50076601445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    522580598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    522580598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    522580598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    522580598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    522580598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    522580598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5258.857354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5258.857354                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5258.857354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5258.857354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5258.857354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5258.857354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        22507                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               256                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    87.917969                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        31732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        31732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        31732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        31732                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9490603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9490603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9490603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9490603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9490603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9490603                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30523491367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30523491367                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30523491367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30523491367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  30523491367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30523491367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3216.180401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3216.180401                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3216.180401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3216.180401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3216.180401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3216.180401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2647041768                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 26763428.219511                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  26763428.219511                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           6331442                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1072728388                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           6332466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            169.401366                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1015.783798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     8.216202                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.991976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.008024                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    703889582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       703889582                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    307459160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      307459160                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1456557                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1456557                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1011348742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1011348742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1011348742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1011348742                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8430016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       8430016                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4030113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4030113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     12460129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       12460129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     12460129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      12460129                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 185143557209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 185143557209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 219007826625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 219007826625                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10308500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10308500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 404151383834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 404151383834                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 404151383834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 404151383834                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    712319598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    712319598                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1458618                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1458618                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1023808871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1023808871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1023808871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1023808871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011835                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012938                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.012938                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012170                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012170                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 21962.420618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21962.420618                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54342.850095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54342.850095                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5001.698205                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5001.698205                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32435.569795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32435.569795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 32435.569795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32435.569795                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8570990                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         1002                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            157091                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    54.560669                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets    55.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2438597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2438597                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3018018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3018018                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3112730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3112730                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6130748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6130748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6130748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6130748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      5411998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      5411998                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       917383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       917383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6329381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      6329381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6329381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      6329381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  69938221773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  69938221773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  41711312533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  41711312533                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6186500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6186500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111649534306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 111649534306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 111649534306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 111649534306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002945                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001413                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001413                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006182                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006182                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 12922.809981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 12922.809981                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45467.719080                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45467.719080                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3001.698205                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3001.698205                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17639.882053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17639.882053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 17639.882053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17639.882053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
