
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.449963                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                449962733187                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               783673288254                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 246692                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   246692                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               37000698                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2352176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12160.93                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1408                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     16022848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           16024256                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1408                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       406464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          406464                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       250357                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              250379                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          6351                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               6351                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         3129                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     35609278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              35612407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         3129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             3129                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks          903328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               903328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks          903328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         3129                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     35609278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             36515735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      250379                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       6351                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    250379                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     6351                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   16024256                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  406464                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             16024256                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr               406464                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               15005                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               15175                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               16151                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               15397                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               16069                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               16630                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               16103                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               15087                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               15805                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               15997                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              16145                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              16226                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              15265                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              15249                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              15481                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              14594                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0                 320                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1                 385                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3                 385                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5                 386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7                 328                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8                 346                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9                 403                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10                402                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11                477                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12                498                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13                520                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14                471                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15                278                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  449308076832                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                250379                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 6351                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  218136                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   24337                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    5826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    2080                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                     277                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                     276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    276                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       120353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    136.404610                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    80.585523                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   583.369660                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        93849     77.98%     77.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        17185     14.28%     92.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         4597      3.82%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         1678      1.39%     97.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321          748      0.62%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385          368      0.31%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449          204      0.17%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513          127      0.11%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577           75      0.06%     98.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641           62      0.05%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705           56      0.05%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769           39      0.03%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833           39      0.03%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897           34      0.03%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961           38      0.03%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025           22      0.02%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           23      0.02%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153           19      0.02%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217           23      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           20      0.02%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           16      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409           24      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          149      0.12%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           21      0.02%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601           21      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665           25      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729           18      0.01%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           21      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           23      0.02%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            7      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           11      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            8      0.01%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           14      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            5      0.00%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            7      0.01%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305            5      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            6      0.00%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           10      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            7      0.01%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            4      0.00%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            8      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            4      0.00%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753            7      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           11      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           12      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945            9      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            7      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            8      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            9      0.01%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            2      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265            1      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            6      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            2      0.00%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521            7      0.01%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585            2      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713            3      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            2      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            3      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.00%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            5      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            2      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            2      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            4      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.00%     99.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            3      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            1      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            2      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            3      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            3      0.00%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            3      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            3      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.00%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            3      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            2      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.00%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            2      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            2      0.00%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            3      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            5      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            2      0.00%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            1      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            1      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            2      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169            1      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            2      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            3      0.00%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.00%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          533      0.44%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       120353                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   1243553910                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              9036983910                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 1251895000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                6541535000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      4966.69                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  26126.53                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                36093.22                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        35.61                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.90                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                35.61                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                 0.90                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.29                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       7.89                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   130570                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    5804                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 52.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                91.39                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    1750119.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     36515735                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              122582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             122582                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6351                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            127797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           127797                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       507109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 507109                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     16430720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            16430720                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               16430720                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           102410154                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          778366322                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       314747198                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    267221490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     15909360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    168570920                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       166952821                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.040108                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        11903304                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           36                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            660754730                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            6628170                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        667382900                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           176281976                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           7690212                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       183972188                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            837036706                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           14318382                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        851355088                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           323793114                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              5996                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       323799110                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1351239439                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    651701903                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3038725505                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           314747198                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    178856125                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             502008375                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       113733633                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       97397668                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           34                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        12618                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         323793114                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       9352832                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1343472869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.261844                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.274402                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        841464494     62.63%     62.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         38746599      2.88%     65.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         22296629      1.66%     67.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         26606751      1.98%     69.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         59441093      4.42%     73.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         33273016      2.48%     76.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         33856210      2.52%     78.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         34005933      2.53%     81.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        253782144     18.89%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1343472869                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.232932                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.248843                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        673666733                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      84212532                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         488349815                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       4891727                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       92352061                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     34730939                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           664                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2985974433                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           760                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       92352061                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        685875404                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        50595590                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         2328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         480623941                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      34023544                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2938682670                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents          1615                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        6159861                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      26822906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2397771604                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4037739830                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4037728398                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        11432                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        755029151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          81003500                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    713013398                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    231230049                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     89246784                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     52477547                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2822373103                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2588143857                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      2240207                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    818640070                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    443482386                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1343472869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.926458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.833790                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    419874153     31.25%     31.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    219277400     16.32%     47.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    247678775     18.44%     66.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183522064     13.66%     79.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    127638626      9.50%     89.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     72353378      5.39%     94.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     63445874      4.72%     99.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7514715      0.56%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2167884      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1343472869                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          928841     10.88%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        7340122     85.95%     96.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        271245      3.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1724093461     66.62%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1249      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          279      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          228      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            8      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           42      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    677846874     26.19%     92.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    186201632      7.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2588143857                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.915385                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8540208                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.003300                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6530534176                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3641038011                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2507627432                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         6819                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         8444                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2656                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2596680346                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            3635                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     38606477                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    196171376                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        98916                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        33929                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     76329394                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          423                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       180786                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       92352061                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        27133320                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        218028                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2827631208                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8302391                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     713013398                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    231230049                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         186847                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          3436                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        33929                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8311947                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      9186347                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     17498294                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2559978827                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     667382941                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     28165027                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5258105                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            851355132                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        254182914                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          183972191                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.894541                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2530026929                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2507630088                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1671451727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2103192272                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.855800                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.794721                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    654938685                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     15909150                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1251120808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.602388                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.465966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    622979857     49.79%     49.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    245303966     19.61%     69.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    135834233     10.86%     80.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54164924      4.33%     84.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25763041      2.06%     86.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     19375492      1.55%     88.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19080681      1.53%     89.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18048474      1.44%     91.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110570140      8.84%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1251120808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110570140                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3730781337                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5411865381                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                   32689                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                 7766570                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.675620                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.675620                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.480123                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.480123                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3480530127                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2093626257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              2434                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              554                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1158                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1149                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008835                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008766                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  764115007                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  586606907                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         3691383.946003                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1988139.215730                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          5679523.161734                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 253                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 252                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3020217.418972                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 2327805.186508                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.565709                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.434291                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            6438.625091                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1       290697                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2       289548                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1          1085                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2           1082                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     32869434                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     32739514                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                     85675                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 128081.223350                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    20134149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    215438                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     93.456814                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    63339.184338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    15.587212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 41988.600353                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        184.550068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      22553.301379                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.483240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.320348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.172068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.977182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      8438443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 8438443                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5770545                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5770545                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2812674                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2812674                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      11251117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 11251117                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     11251117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                11251117                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       122560                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                122582                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       127797                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              127797                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       250357                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 250379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       250357                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                250379                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1637630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   7055173097                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7056810727                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   9545099878                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9545099878                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1637630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16600272975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      16601910605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1637630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  16600272975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     16601910605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      8561003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             8561025                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5770545                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5770545                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2940471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2940471                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11501474                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             11501496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     11501474                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            11501496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.014319                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.043461                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.021769                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.021769                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74437.727273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57565.054643                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57568.082810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 74689.545748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 74689.545748                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74437.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66306.406352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 66307.120825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 74437.727273                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66306.406352                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 66307.120825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6351                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6351                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       122560                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           122582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       127797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         127797                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       250357                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            250379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       250357                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           250379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1472590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   6117023521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6118496111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8593177022                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8593177022                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1472590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14710200543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14711673133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1472590                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  14710200543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14711673133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014316                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.014319                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.043461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.043461                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.021769                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.021769                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66935.909091                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49910.439956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49913.495546                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67240.835247                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67240.835247                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66935.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58756.897323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58757.615986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 66935.909091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58756.897323                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58757.615986                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2456671503                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            8561025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           8561025                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5770545                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2940471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2940471                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           44                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     28773493                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              28773537                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1105409216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1105410624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1105410624                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         9594772623                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             27370                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11545014724                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2353373238                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 19731952.350124                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  19731952.350124                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           796.848144                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1325926083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               800                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1657407.603750                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    18.848144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.189941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.194543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    323793090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       323793090                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    323793090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        323793090                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    323793090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       323793090                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            24                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1757942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1757942                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1757942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1757942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1757942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1757942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    323793114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    323793114                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    323793114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    323793114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    323793114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    323793114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73247.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 73247.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73247.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 73247.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 73247.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 73247.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1660607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1660607                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1660607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1660607                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1660607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1660607                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75482.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75482.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75482.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75482.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75482.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75482.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1268                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           41                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.309570                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.010010                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1034836174                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          315778791                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 31654802.055791                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 8898639.981445                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  40553442.037236                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          856                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          856                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 1208920.764019                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 368900.456776                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.766196                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.233804                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     245.291292                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        35096                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        35096                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1       338679                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       711633                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2      1050312                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      2420768                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      2420768                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   395.653037                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          10882737                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3030.156430                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           765122307                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          10885565                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             70.287790                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  3025.785050                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     4.371380                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.738717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.739784                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    609502218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       609502218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    151442309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      151442309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    760944527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        760944527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    760944527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       760944527                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     12468421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      12468421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3458345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3458345                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     15926766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       15926766                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     15926766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      15926766                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 101467956652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 101467956652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  30505015935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  30505015935                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131972972587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 131972972587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 131972972587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 131972972587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    621970639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    621970639                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    776871293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    776871293                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    776871293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    776871293                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.020047                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.022326                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020501                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.020501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020501                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8137.995713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8137.995713                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8820.697743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  8820.697743                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8286.237933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  8286.237933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  8286.237933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  8286.237933                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       859380                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             93181                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     9.222696                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5770545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5770545                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3907369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3907369                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       517923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       517923                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4425292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      4425292                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      4425292                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      4425292                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      8561052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      8561052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2940422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2940422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11501474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     11501474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     11501474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     11501474                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39747099668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  39747099668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  20722166531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20722166531                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60469266199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  60469266199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  60469266199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  60469266199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013764                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.018983                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018983                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014805                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014805                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4642.782180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4642.782180                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7047.344405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  7047.344405                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5257.523183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5257.523183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5257.523183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  5257.523183                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
