
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.436653                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                436652868708                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               770363423775                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 246076                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   246076                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               35816582                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2352108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12191.36                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000005                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000005                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst         1280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data      5468160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            5469440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total          1280                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       424128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          424128                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               85460                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          6627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               6627                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst         2931                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     12522900                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              12525831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst         2931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total             2931                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks          971316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total               971316                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks          971316                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst         2931                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     12522900                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             13497147                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       85460                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                       6627                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                     85460                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                     6627                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                    5469440                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                  424128                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd              5469440                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr               424128                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0                5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1                5380                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2                5378                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3                5386                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4                5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5                5283                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6                5248                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7                5250                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8                5248                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9                5297                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10               5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11               5381                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12               5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13               5378                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14               5351                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15               5376                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5                 386                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6                 384                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7                 401                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8                 426                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9                 407                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10                471                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11                479                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12                489                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13                517                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14                489                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15                258                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  381019199733                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                 85460                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                 6627                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   77690                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                    6793                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                     615                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     362                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                     217                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                     289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                     289                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                     288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                    288                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                     72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples         1335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean   4355.835206                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean  2411.700215                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  3506.915392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65           42      3.15%      3.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129           30      2.25%      5.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193           14      1.05%      6.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257           20      1.50%      7.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321           17      1.27%      9.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385           22      1.65%     10.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449           12      0.90%     11.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513           16      1.20%     12.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577            4      0.30%     13.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641           15      1.12%     14.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705           12      0.90%     15.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769           14      1.05%     16.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833            5      0.37%     16.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897            5      0.37%     17.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961           14      1.05%     18.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025            8      0.60%     18.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089           15      1.12%     19.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153            9      0.67%     20.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217            8      0.60%     21.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281           11      0.82%     21.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345           14      1.05%     23.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409            7      0.52%     23.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          342     25.62%     49.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537           12      0.90%     50.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601            4      0.30%     50.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665            4      0.30%     50.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729            3      0.22%     50.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857            2      0.15%     51.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921            1      0.07%     51.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985            3      0.22%     51.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049            2      0.15%     51.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113            1      0.07%     51.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177            1      0.07%     51.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241            1      0.07%     51.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369            1      0.07%     51.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433            1      0.07%     51.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497            1      0.07%     51.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561            1      0.07%     51.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625            4      0.30%     52.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689            1      0.07%     52.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817            1      0.07%     52.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881            3      0.22%     52.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009            2      0.15%     52.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073            1      0.07%     52.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137            1      0.07%     52.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201            1      0.07%     53.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329            2      0.15%     53.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393            1      0.07%     53.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457            1      0.07%     53.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            2      0.15%     53.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            1      0.07%     53.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            2      0.15%     53.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            1      0.07%     53.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161            1      0.07%     53.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            2      0.15%     54.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            2      0.15%     54.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            1      0.07%     54.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            1      0.07%     54.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            2      0.15%     54.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            1      0.07%     54.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.07%     54.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            1      0.07%     54.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            2      0.15%     54.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            1      0.07%     54.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            1      0.07%     54.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.07%     55.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            2      0.15%     55.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            1      0.07%     55.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.07%     55.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.07%     55.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.07%     55.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.07%     55.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.07%     55.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            2      0.15%     55.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            1      0.07%     55.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            1      0.07%     55.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            1      0.07%     56.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.15%     56.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.07%     56.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          584     43.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total         1335                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                    125203405                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat              1717320905                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                  427300000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                1164817500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      1465.05                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13629.97                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                20095.03                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        12.53                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.97                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                12.53                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                 0.97                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.11                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.79                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                    84514                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                    6235                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 98.89                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                94.08                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    4137600.31                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     13497147                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               77292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              77292                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6627                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8168                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       177547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 177547                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      5893568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total             5893568                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus                5893568                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy            48319299                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          273870000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       312696404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    265324502                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     15866685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    167010676                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       165259467                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     98.951439                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        11887723                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect           31                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            657400631                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            6544489                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        663945120                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           175681216                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           7384422                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       183065638                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            833081847                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           13928911                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        847010758                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           321855006                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              6110                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       321861116                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1311269876                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    647652941                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3021817019                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           312696404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    177147190                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             498454446                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       110995243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       75406945                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles           28                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles        13398                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         321855006                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       9418735                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1311253656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.304525                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.291114                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        812799210     61.99%     61.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         37606381      2.87%     64.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         22228050      1.70%     66.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         26511013      2.02%     68.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         59275438      4.52%     73.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         33106626      2.52%     75.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         33161115      2.53%     78.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         33906657      2.59%     80.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        252659166     19.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1311253656                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.238468                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.304497                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        669427285                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      62469030                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         485105730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       4525917                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       89725693                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     34585713                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred           551                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2968968959                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts           735                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       89725693                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        681065771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        31437742                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles         2328                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         477681048                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      31341073                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2921894435                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents             8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        6068680                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      24504863                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2384144120                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4014166003                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4014154735                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups        11268                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1642742419                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        741401667                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts          174                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          75039087                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    709179556                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    230114381                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     87618699                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     49572477                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2806082563                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2573396572                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      2120120                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    803332497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    440434831                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1311253656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.962547                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.833685                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    395412483     30.16%     30.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    214620748     16.37%     46.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    246044702     18.76%     65.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    183337906     13.98%     79.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    127189138      9.70%     88.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     71746104      5.47%     94.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     63304989      4.83%     99.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      7424992      0.57%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2172594      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1311253656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          764133      9.12%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        7349300     87.70%     96.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        266446      3.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass           84      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1713702424     66.59%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         1242      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          290      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          251      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            8      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           42      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     66.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    674425718     26.21%     92.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    185266513      7.20%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2573396572                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.962522                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt             8379879                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.003256                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6468540044                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3609438575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2493175676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads         6752                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes         7894                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses         2611                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2581772770                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses            3597                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     38567010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    192337534                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       101201                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        31999                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     75213726                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          393                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        54192                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       89725693                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        10703185                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        175208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2811333707                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8278945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     709179556                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    230114381                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         171230                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           160                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        31999                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      8292071                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      9164383                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     17456454                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2544995436                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     663945158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     28401133                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop               5251144                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            847010800                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        252486893                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          183065642                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.940863                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2515290658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2493178287                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1663459629                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2091449873                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.901346                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.795362                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    634840800                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     15866480                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1221527963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.641208                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.478537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    591056388     48.39%     48.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    247128927     20.23%     68.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    136571199     11.18%     79.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54418616      4.45%     84.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     25810423      2.11%     86.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     19370416      1.59%     87.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     19053541      1.56%     89.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18108463      1.48%     90.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110009990      9.01%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1221527963                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2004781352                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2004781352                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              671742670                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             516842016                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          210045741                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts                650                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1984437640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls      7766450                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110009990                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3681650757                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5369034708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                     382                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                   16220                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000004                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000004                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.655635                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.655635                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.525239                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.525239                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3459599407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      2081558174                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads              2355                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes              582                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads              84                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes             42                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                 2313403650                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3         7042016.464478                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          7042016.464478                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg           19638.771150                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                     86657                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 129902.525763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    23365046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    217608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                    107.372183                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    65544.749598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    14.745748                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 41328.677144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        190.407701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      22823.945571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.500067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.315313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.001453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.174133                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.991078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      6906551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 6906551                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          9691353                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               9691353                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2778322                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               2778322                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       9684873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  9684873                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      9684873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 9684873                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        77272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 77292                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8168                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  85460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 85460                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1220240                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3864448132                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3865668372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    450251532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     450251532                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1220240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4314699664                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       4315919904                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1220240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   4314699664                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      4315919904                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6983823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             6983843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      9691353                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           9691353                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2786490                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           2786490                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9770313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              9770333                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      9770313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             9770333                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011064                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.011067                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.002931                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008745                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.008747                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008745                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.008747                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        61012                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50010.975929                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50013.822543                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55123.840842                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55123.840842                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        61012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50499.761985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 50502.222139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        61012                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50499.761985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 50502.222139                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6627                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        77272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            77292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         8168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           8168                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             85460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data        85440                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            85460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1068802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3266138144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3267206946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    387140238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    387140238                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1068802                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3653278382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3654347184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1068802                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3653278382                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3654347184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011064                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.011067                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002931                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008745                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.008747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008745                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.008747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53440.100000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42268.067916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42270.958780                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 47397.188786                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47397.188786                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53440.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42758.408029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42760.907840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53440.100000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 42758.408029                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42760.907840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  2852489914                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            6983843                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           6983843                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          9691353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          2786490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         2786490                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     29231979                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              29232019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         1280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   1245546624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1245547904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1245547904                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12935182536                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy             24181                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        9771250164                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2313403675                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 19613844.046356                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  19613844.046356                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           796.270097                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1323987978                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               798                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          1659132.804511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst    18.270097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.004460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.189941                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.194402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    321854985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       321854985                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    321854985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        321854985                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    321854985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       321854985                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total            21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total             21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total            21                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1281577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      1281577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1281577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      1281577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1281577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      1281577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    321855006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    321855006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    321855006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    321855006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    321855006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    321855006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61027.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61027.476190                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61027.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61027.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61027.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61027.476190                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1241219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1241219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1241219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      1241219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst      1241219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      1241219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62060.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62060.950000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62060.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62060.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62060.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62060.950000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2313403675                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 47148099.886424                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  47148099.886424                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           9770313                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 4096                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           764554989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           9774409                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             78.220073                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  4088.715258                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     7.284742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.998221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.001779                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    608547252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       608547252                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    151627370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      151627370                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    760174622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        760174622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    760174622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       760174622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10232767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      10232767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      3273284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      3273284                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     13506051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       13506051                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     13506051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      13506051                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  76347582865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  76347582865                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  18723253676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18723253676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95070836541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  95070836541                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95070836541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  95070836541                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    618780019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    618780019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    154900654                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    773680673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    773680673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    773680673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    773680673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016537                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.021132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.021132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017457                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7461.088762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  7461.088762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5720.021140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5720.021140                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7039.129094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  7039.129094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  7039.129094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  7039.129094                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       166177                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             23712                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     7.008139                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      9691353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           9691353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3248932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3248932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       486806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total       486806                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3735738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      3735738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3735738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      3735738                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6983835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6983835                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2786478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      2786478                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9770313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9770313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      9770313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9770313                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  29733537814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29733537814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10908731702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10908731702                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40642269516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  40642269516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  40642269516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  40642269516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.011286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.017989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.017989                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.012628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4257.479997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4257.479997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3914.881690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3914.881690                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4159.771495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4159.771495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4159.771495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4159.771495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
