
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.088574                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1088573538000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1588633195500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 309709                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   309709                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              112380272                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2342676                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  9686.52                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        66496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   1489703296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         1489769792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        66496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         66496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks    348617472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total       348617472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1039                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     23276614                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            23277653                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks       5447148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total            5447148                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst        61085                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1368491190                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1368552275                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        61085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total            61085                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       320251650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            320251650                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       320251650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst        61085                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1368491190                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1688803925                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    23277654                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                    5447148                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  23277654                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                  5447148                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 1489769792                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten               348617472                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           1489769792                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr            348617472                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    216                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             1453724                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             1452430                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             1454329                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             1452777                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             1452989                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             1460384                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             1454322                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             1459086                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             1456759                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             1464265                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            1451959                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            1452542                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            1452308                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            1456465                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            1451256                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            1451843                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0              340754                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1              340553                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2              340767                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3              340767                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4              340804                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5              340572                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6              340558                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7              340457                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8              340189                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9              340358                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10             340178                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11             340299                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12             340236                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13             340320                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14             340015                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15             340317                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1088573237500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              23277654                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6              5447148                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                15171494                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 6276751                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 1718096                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                  111082                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  212344                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  236658                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  236795                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  236823                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  236831                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  236833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  236833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  236833                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 236832                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                  24489                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    175                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                     38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      2434164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    755.224946                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   222.783053                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev  1546.366685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1245807     51.18%     51.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       129085      5.30%     56.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        55469      2.28%     58.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        39122      1.61%     60.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        34444      1.42%     61.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385        31018      1.27%     63.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449        30421      1.25%     64.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513        30660      1.26%     65.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577        28821      1.18%     66.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641        39123      1.61%     68.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705        69151      2.84%     71.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769        74520      3.06%     74.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833        37374      1.54%     75.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897        18832      0.77%     76.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961        15916      0.65%     77.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        25550      1.05%     78.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        30251      1.24%     79.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153        13318      0.55%     80.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        17502      0.72%     80.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        33387      1.37%     82.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        55312      2.27%     84.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        73776      3.03%     87.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        80220      3.30%     90.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        32438      1.33%     92.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601        18985      0.78%     92.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665         9923      0.41%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729         3974      0.16%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793         2149      0.09%     93.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857         1564      0.06%     93.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921         1354      0.06%     93.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         1451      0.06%     93.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         1417      0.06%     93.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         2623      0.11%     93.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         2151      0.09%     93.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         1636      0.07%     94.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         1590      0.07%     94.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         1804      0.07%     94.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         1458      0.06%     94.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         1277      0.05%     94.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         1261      0.05%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         1168      0.05%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         1139      0.05%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753         1193      0.05%     94.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817         1552      0.06%     94.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         1992      0.08%     94.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945         1899      0.08%     94.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         2137      0.09%     94.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         2097      0.09%     94.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137         2096      0.09%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         6515      0.27%     95.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265         1725      0.07%     95.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329         1261      0.05%     95.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         1105      0.05%     95.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457         1105      0.05%     95.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521          993      0.04%     95.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585          991      0.04%     95.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649          931      0.04%     95.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713          925      0.04%     95.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777          937      0.04%     95.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841          935      0.04%     95.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          855      0.04%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          859      0.04%     95.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          817      0.03%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          740      0.03%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          751      0.03%     95.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225         4222      0.17%     96.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          677      0.03%     96.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          497      0.02%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          541      0.02%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          534      0.02%     96.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          542      0.02%     96.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          663      0.03%     96.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          592      0.02%     96.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          511      0.02%     96.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          553      0.02%     96.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          520      0.02%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929          509      0.02%     96.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          522      0.02%     96.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057          458      0.02%     96.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121          450      0.02%     96.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185          418      0.02%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249          405      0.02%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313          485      0.02%     96.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377          440      0.02%     96.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441          475      0.02%     96.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505          404      0.02%     96.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569          396      0.02%     96.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633          374      0.02%     96.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697          365      0.01%     96.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761          430      0.02%     96.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825          397      0.02%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889          344      0.01%     96.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953          405      0.02%     96.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017          346      0.01%     96.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081          366      0.02%     96.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145          373      0.02%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209          479      0.02%     96.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         3494      0.14%     96.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337          340      0.01%     96.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401          369      0.02%     96.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465          343      0.01%     96.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529          334      0.01%     96.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593          326      0.01%     96.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          267      0.01%     96.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721          371      0.02%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785          331      0.01%     96.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          386      0.02%     96.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          403      0.02%     96.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977          413      0.02%     96.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          414      0.02%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105          390      0.02%     96.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          759      0.03%     96.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          442      0.02%     96.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297          415      0.02%     97.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          386      0.02%     97.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          271      0.01%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          152      0.01%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          154      0.01%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          149      0.01%     97.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          127      0.01%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          119      0.00%     97.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          120      0.00%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          131      0.01%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          131      0.01%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          118      0.00%     97.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          125      0.01%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          122      0.01%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        70717      2.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      2434164                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 128796677250                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            606263212250                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               116387190000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              361079345000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      5533.11                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  15511.99                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                26045.10                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1368.55                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       320.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1368.55                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               320.25                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        13.19                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.56                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.29                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 21450091                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                 4840319                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 92.15                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                88.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      37896.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   1688803867                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            18401286                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           18401285                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback           5447148                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           4876368                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          4876367                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     52002454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               52002454                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   1838387200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          1838387200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             1838387200                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         36150993000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       110377365750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             10.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       108164979                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    107977517                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect       407310                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    107999921                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       107574157                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.605774                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS           25366                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect         1147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            400393848                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1544059                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        401937907                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           127859869                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            150980                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       128010849                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            528253717                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1695039                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        529948756                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           207212044                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               132                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       207212176                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    2                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               2177147085                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    208305817                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2145153363                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           108164979                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    107599523                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             322678315                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        16806838                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1462512235                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles          113                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         3211                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           19                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         207212044                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes        361161                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   2006077102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.069327                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.539921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       1683398787     83.91%     83.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1          3674528      0.18%     84.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2790231      0.14%     84.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3          2425026      0.12%     84.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65165012      3.25%     87.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5          6711630      0.33%     87.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6          9684068      0.48%     88.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         81521871      4.06%     92.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        150705949      7.51%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   2006077102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.049682                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                0.985305                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        281991679                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1390399101                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         237808763                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      83304368                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12573190                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved       128554                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred          4283                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2134431233                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts          7873                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12573190                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        312777993                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1121413549                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles        73407                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         284314669                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     274924293                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2113996272                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       1749695                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      120208502                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents     130596673                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1875714346                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3341141580                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   1176217629                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   2164923951                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1772716426                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        102997853                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts         4556                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts          294                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         584438298                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    412546929                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    131413341                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     10039641                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      4490059                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2085622371                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          468                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2047112230                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     12495309                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     85612495                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     76294526                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   2006077102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.020455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.497322                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   1144281284     57.04%     57.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    244037432     12.16%     69.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    327458082     16.32%     85.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    155349759      7.74%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     62271402      3.10%     96.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     26261761      1.31%     97.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     27651860      1.38%     99.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     14320392      0.71%     99.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      4445130      0.22%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   2006077102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          178578      0.27%      0.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        834858      1.25%      1.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      1.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      1.51% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     50628157     75.67%     77.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv       9558458     14.29%     91.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt         6905      0.01%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     91.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead        2493127      3.73%     95.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       3205159      4.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          104      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     761008494     37.17%     37.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         7936      0.00%     37.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     37.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    307351370     15.01%     52.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp    104080132      5.08%     57.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt     56244153      2.75%     60.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    270488502     13.21%     73.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     10689277      0.52%     73.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt      1845248      0.09%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    407373425     19.90%     93.75% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    128023589      6.25%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2047112230                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.940273                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            66905242                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.032683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3660738450                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    882453672                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    817033642                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   2518963660                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   1288784069                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1208705076                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      824767196                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      1289250172                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      5961014                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     23072569                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          747                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         2413                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      4014853                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          338                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7678754                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12573190                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles       906962425                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      23170220                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2086321872                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       614282                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     412546929                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    131413341                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          239                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       11721523                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         62065                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         2413                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       398913                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8222                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts       407135                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2035786979                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     401937991                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     11325248                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                699033                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            529948947                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        102170225                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          128010956                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.935071                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2027492584                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2025738718                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1378682417                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1822938103                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.930456                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.756297                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     82231197                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts       403108                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1993503912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.003588                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.256311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   1506554690     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    139790895      7.01%     82.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     73867128      3.71%     86.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     36989267      1.86%     88.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     37278612      1.87%     90.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     20084360      1.01%     91.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     10537288      0.53%     91.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     57808958      2.90%     94.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8    110592714      5.55%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1993503912                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000657346                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000657346                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              516872820                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             389474332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                 224                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           99903220                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1203315135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1309260647                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls        18358                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events     110592714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3962798964                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4178350495                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 2987886                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               171069983                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.088574                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.088574                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.918633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.918633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1612375483                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       755535655                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        1606183106                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1040253086                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads            4054                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes            500                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               282                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               282                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008606                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008606                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 3177266379                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         5299671.021606                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          5299671.021606                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2              1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            2315.546190                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  23278220                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32349.647970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     4183571                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  23310600                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.179471                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     5041.735390                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.275966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 27261.749298                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         44.887317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.153862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.831963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001370                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.987233                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1637                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      3508403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 3510040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          5532187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               5532187                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        68257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 68257                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          1637                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3576660                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3578297                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1637                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3576660                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3578297                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1039                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     18400247                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              18401286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total             4876368                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     23276615                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               23277654                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1039                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     23276615                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              23277654                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64315000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1063084920000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1063149235000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 322717961750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  322717961750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64315000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1385802881750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     1385867196750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     64315000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1385802881750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    1385867196750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2676                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21908650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            21911326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      5532187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           5532187                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4944625                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           4944625                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26853275                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             26855951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         2676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     26853275                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            26855951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388266                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.839862                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.839807                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.986196                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388266                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866807                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.866760                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388266                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866807                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.866760                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61900.866218                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57775.578773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57775.811701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66179.985134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66179.985134                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61900.866218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59536.271994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59536.377538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61900.866218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59536.271994                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59536.377538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks              5447148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                   5447148                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     18400247                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         18401286                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4876368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        4876368                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23276615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          23277654                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1039                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     23276615                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         23277654                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52376000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 851727426000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 851779802000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 266777359250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 266777359250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52376000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1118504785250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118557161250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     52376000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1118504785250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1118557161250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388266                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.839862                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.839807                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.986196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.986196                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388266                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866807                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.866760                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.388266                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.866807                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.866760                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50410.009625                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 46288.912643                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 46289.145335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54708.208907                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54708.208907                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50410.009625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48052.725246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48052.830463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 50410.009625                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48052.725246                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 48052.830463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1904180684                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           21911326                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          21911325                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          5532187                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          4944625                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         4944624                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         5352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     59238735                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              59244087                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       171264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   2072669440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         2072840704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            2072840704                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        21726256000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           4269000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       45901809750                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         3177266374                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 5402017.927706                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  5402017.927706                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              2672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1021.338910                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           983640436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3696                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          266136.481602                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle      1421266092250                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   173.184879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst   848.154032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.169126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.828275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    207208948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       207208948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    207208948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        207208948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    207208948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       207208948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3094                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3094                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3094                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95564250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95564250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95564250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95564250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95564250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95564250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    207212042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    207212042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    207212042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    207212042                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    207212042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    207212042                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30886.958630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 30886.958630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30886.958630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30886.958630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 30886.958630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30886.958630                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          382                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    54.571429                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         2676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         2676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         2676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         2676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70270000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70270000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     70270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70270000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26259.342302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26259.342302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26259.342302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26259.342302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 26259.342302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26259.342302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           76                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            6                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.074219                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.005859                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2         3177266391                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 11764832.047471                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  11764832.047471                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      77.955970                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          26853273                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                 1018                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           408894209                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          26854291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.226401                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1011.258717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     6.741283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.987557                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.006583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.994141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    286655105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       286655105                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    103506995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      103506995                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          223                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    390162100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        390162100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    390162100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       390162100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data    100593259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total     100593259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     23891266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     23891266                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    124484525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      124484525                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    124484525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     124484525                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5043622919250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 5043622919250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1503003509092                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1503003509092                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        83250                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6546626428342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 6546626428342                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 6546626428342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 6546626428342                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    387248364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387248364                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    127398261                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514646625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    514646625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    514646625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    514646625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.259764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.259764                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.187532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.187532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.241883                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.241883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.241883                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 50138.776389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 50138.776389                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62910.165962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 62910.165962                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        83250                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52589.881580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 52589.881580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52589.881580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 52589.881580                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs     36003388                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets           48                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs           1279595                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    28.136549                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets           48                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      5532187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           5532187                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     78684608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     78684608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     18946642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total     18946642                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97631250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     97631250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     97631250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     97631250                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     21908651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     21908651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4944624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      4944624                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26853275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     26853275                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     26853275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     26853275                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1092213630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1092213630000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 328547008561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 328547008561                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        80750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        80750                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1420760638561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1420760638561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1420760638561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1420760638561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.056575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.056575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.038812                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004464                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052178                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49853.075390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49853.075390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66445.296662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66445.296662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        80750                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52908.281711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52908.281711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 52908.281711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 52908.281711                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
