
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.386153                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                386153063397                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               719153094033                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 248581                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   248581                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               31996793                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2350792                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12068.49                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        71680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     40049152                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           40120832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         71680                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     29993472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        29993472                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       625768                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              626888                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        468648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             468648                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       185626                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    103713154                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             103898780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       185626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           185626                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        77672495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             77672495                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        77672495                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       185626                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    103713154                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            181571275                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      626889                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     468648                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    626889                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   468648                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   40120832                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                29993472                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             40120832                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             29993472                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               38898                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               39390                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               39303                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               39188                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               38819                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               39224                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               39334                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               39247                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               38663                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               39259                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              39280                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              39439                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              38832                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              39400                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              39323                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              39280                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               29106                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               29484                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               29223                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               29180                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               28471                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               28752                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               28948                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               29257                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               28796                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               29335                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              29562                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              29920                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              29358                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              29827                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              29665                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              29764                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  386152954839                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                626889                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               468648                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  591067                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   27283                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    4820                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    3704                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   20214                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  20376                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       105815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    662.582507                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   329.730266                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   887.336509                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65        26767     25.30%     25.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        11451     10.82%     36.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         6084      5.75%     41.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         4624      4.37%     46.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         3917      3.70%     49.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         3220      3.04%     52.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         2797      2.64%     55.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         2556      2.42%     58.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         2317      2.19%     60.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2062      1.95%     62.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         1859      1.76%     63.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         1907      1.80%     65.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1772      1.67%     67.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1950      1.84%     69.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1872      1.77%     71.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1782      1.68%     72.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089         1845      1.74%     74.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153         2049      1.94%     76.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217         2114      2.00%     78.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281         2155      2.04%     80.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345         1646      1.56%     81.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409         1215      1.15%     83.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        14293     13.51%     96.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          673      0.64%     97.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          317      0.30%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          223      0.21%     97.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          151      0.14%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793           92      0.09%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           86      0.08%     98.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921           88      0.08%     98.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985           75      0.07%     98.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           73      0.07%     98.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           74      0.07%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           54      0.05%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           61      0.06%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           46      0.04%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           35      0.03%     98.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           48      0.05%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           32      0.03%     98.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           28      0.03%     98.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           42      0.04%     98.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           23      0.02%     98.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           29      0.03%     98.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           32      0.03%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           27      0.03%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           21      0.02%     98.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           18      0.02%     98.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           14      0.01%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           22      0.02%     98.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           12      0.01%     98.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           19      0.02%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           19      0.02%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           21      0.02%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           13      0.01%     98.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           15      0.01%     98.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           13      0.01%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649            8      0.01%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           11      0.01%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           11      0.01%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841            9      0.01%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905            4      0.00%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           10      0.01%     99.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           11      0.01%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           11      0.01%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           11      0.01%     99.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            6      0.01%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           13      0.01%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353            8      0.01%     99.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417            6      0.01%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481            5      0.00%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            6      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            8      0.01%     99.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            5      0.00%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737            9      0.01%     99.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            9      0.01%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            5      0.00%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993            2      0.00%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            7      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            6      0.01%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            3      0.00%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            6      0.01%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            3      0.00%     99.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377           10      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441            6      0.01%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505            4      0.00%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569            4      0.00%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            2      0.00%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            2      0.00%     99.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            6      0.01%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            9      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            6      0.01%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            2      0.00%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            7      0.01%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            4      0.00%     99.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            1      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            3      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401            2      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529            3      0.00%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            5      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            1      0.00%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721           16      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            5      0.00%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.00%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            2      0.00%     99.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            5      0.00%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041            3      0.00%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            4      0.00%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233            3      0.00%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            1      0.00%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361            2      0.00%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425            1      0.00%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489            2      0.00%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553            3      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617            1      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            2      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            3      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            2      0.00%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873            3      0.00%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            2      0.00%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            2      0.00%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.00%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129           14      0.01%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193          714      0.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::12672-12673            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       105815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   5872186852                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             18376679352                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 3134390000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                9370102500                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      9367.34                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  14947.23                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    4999.99                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                29314.56                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                       103.90                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        77.67                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW               103.90                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                77.67                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.42                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.05                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       1.43                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   587443                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  402268                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 93.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                85.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     352478.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    181571275                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                5845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5845                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            468648                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            621044                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           621043                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1722425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1722425                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     70114304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            70114304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               70114304                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1613292093                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         2005520512                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       425371651                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    330748717                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect      6336437                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    255722309                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       245221021                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     95.893480                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        34979220                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       149342                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            339667511                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses             324131                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     4                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        339991642                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           208443654                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            188654                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       208632308                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            548111165                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses             512785                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     4                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        548623950                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           257770214                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            153322                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       257923536                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                  136                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1159618809                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    515987397                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             2197983512                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           425371651                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    280200241                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             430970381                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles        20541585                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      156553984                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles         9724                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       805465                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          239                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         257770214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes       3510791                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1117764244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.966411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.873240                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        686793863     61.44%     61.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         33436119      2.99%     64.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         45585068      4.08%     68.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         48783062      4.36%     72.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         40610817      3.63%     76.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         70262643      6.29%     82.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         29002616      2.59%     85.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         67064556      6.00%     91.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8         96225500      8.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1117764244                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.366820                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.895436                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        536970080                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     140441890                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         418443712                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       9437757                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       12470804                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     50928407                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred        966398                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2174620261                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       2343687                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       12470804                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        551623535                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        25463280                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     78994563                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         414163691                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      35048370                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2159797831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents           355                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        9975632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      14255907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   1499851043                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    2806068923                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   2771763042                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     34305881                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1426814662                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps         73036371                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      3923439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      2855964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          97070340                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    341615596                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    212081993                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     19798953                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      7351694                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2066026337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      5674597                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2053032771                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       582111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     67608678                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     37147808                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        37301                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1117764244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.836731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.872400                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    375354141     33.58%     33.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    210610265     18.84%     52.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    181366860     16.23%     68.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    130740597     11.70%     80.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     84759681      7.58%     87.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     76951303      6.88%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     44410485      3.97%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     11358450      1.02%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2212462      0.20%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1117764244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         2251146      9.60%      9.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult         715834      3.05%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     12.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          8280      0.04%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     12.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult         4874      0.02%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             1      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       12784086     54.51%     67.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       7686707     32.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            2      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1487889164     72.47%     72.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      3157339      0.15%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     72.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      5790676      0.28%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp          104      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          717      0.00%     72.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult      2669379      0.13%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv           56      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            1      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    344462074     16.78%     89.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    209063259     10.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2053032771                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.770438                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            23450928                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.011423                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   5214029213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   2120061271                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2021031214                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     33833611                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     19265530                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     16094315                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2059153259                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        17330438                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     35230910                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     13660150                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        77134                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        17390                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      5986304                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1711470                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1536226                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       12470804                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        11559972                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1756103                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2131478168                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      3230928                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     341615596                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    212081993                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      2855950                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents           1771                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           984                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        17390                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      3043122                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      3551840                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts      6594962                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2045440961                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     340131595                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      7591809                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              59777234                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            548763916                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        407142495                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          208632321                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.763891                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2038410958                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2037125529                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1114019204                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1562471349                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.756720                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.712985                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts     73388920                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      5637296                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts      5370187                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1105293440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.861792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.303944                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    422465016     38.22%     38.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    243085675     21.99%     60.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    154876478     14.01%     74.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     59421482      5.38%     79.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     51319276      4.64%     84.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     54530321      4.93%     89.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     40985906      3.71%     92.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     25994598      2.35%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     52614688      4.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1105293440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2057826912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2057826912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              534051133                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             327955446                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             2818580                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          398819024                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           15974709                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1966709693                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     33249484                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      52614688                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           3183780106                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          4274903230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  437397                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                41854565                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.579809                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.579809                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.724705                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.724705                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       2711356350                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1444064345                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          21587962                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         11414841                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         6675875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        5637161                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1             48722                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1081                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.371719                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008247                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  750361119                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                 1397003478                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         377832.601598                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         318262.224005                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          696094.825603                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                  24                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                  23                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 31265046.625000                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 60739281.652174                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.349433                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.650567                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            7322.731279                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        25944                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        24863                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            9                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        240448                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2         240457                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      2879327                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      2749336                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1     0.375000                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    478301                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 18925.798980                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      787443                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    605394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.300712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    17395.415654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   121.150576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   201.124509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst       1053.631539                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data        154.476702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.132716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.001534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.008039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.144392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       358221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  358221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1027831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1027831                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        96508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 96508                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        454729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   454729                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       454729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  454729                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4725                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  5845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       621044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              621044                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       625769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 626889                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       625769                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                626889                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68390261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    288485719                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       356875980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37074017365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   37074017365                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68390261                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37362503084                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      37430893345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     68390261                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  37362503084                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     37430893345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       362946                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              364066                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1027831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1027831                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       717552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            717552                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1080498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              1081618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1080498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             1081618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013018                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.016055                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865504                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.865504                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579149                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.579584                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579149                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.579584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61062.733036                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 61055.178624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61056.626176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59696.281367                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59696.281367                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61062.733036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59706.542005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59708.964976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 61062.733036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 59706.542005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59708.964976                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               468648                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    468648                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         4725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             5845                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       621044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         621044                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       625769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            626889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       625769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           626889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59811409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data    252101153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    311912562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32272924943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32272924943                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59811409                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32525026096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32584837505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     59811409                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  32525026096                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32584837505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013018                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.016055                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.865504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.865504                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.579584                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.579149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.579584                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53403.043750                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53354.741376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53363.996920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51965.601379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51965.601379                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53403.043750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51976.090372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51978.639767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 53403.043750                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 51976.090372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 51978.639767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   349614401                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             364066                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            364066                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1027831                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           717552                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          717551                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2240                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      3188826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               3191066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        71680                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    134932992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          135004672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             135004672                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1386981963                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1305184                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1159256737                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2159618660                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 15708516.536448                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  15708516.536448                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                19                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          1870.022014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1257767054                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              2705                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          464978.578189                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   287.254097                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  1582.767917                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.070130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.386418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.456548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    257768616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       257768616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    257768616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        257768616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    257768616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       257768616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1594                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1594                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1594                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95856415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95856415                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95856415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95856415                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     95856415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95856415                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    257770210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    257770210                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    257770210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    257770210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    257770210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    257770210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60135.768507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 60135.768507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60135.768507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60135.768507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 60135.768507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 60135.768507                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2254                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                19                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   118.631579                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          474                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          474                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1120                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69534905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69534905                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69534905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69534905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     69534905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69534905                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62084.736607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62084.736607                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62084.736607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62084.736607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 62084.736607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 62084.736607                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1196                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           42                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.291992                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.010254                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1086034641                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2           74626017                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 24650820.693154                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1654929.998828                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  26305750.691981                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          265                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          265                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 4098243.928302                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 281607.611321                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.935704                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.064296                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     225.729327                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        11130                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        11130                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        29857                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       275953                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2       305810                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       768500                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       768500                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   112.667925                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           1047507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2534.230687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           761355315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           1050407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            724.819346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2353.431543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data   180.799144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.574568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.044140                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.618709                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    298385906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       298385906                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    192629271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      192629271                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2818576                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      2818576                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    491015177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        491015177                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    491015177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       491015177                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       466441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        466441                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     10647835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     10647835                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            8                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     11114276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       11114276                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     11114276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      11114276                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   3231242372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   3231242372                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 589566880972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 589566880972                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data       115201                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total       115201                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 592798123344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 592798123344                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 592798123344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 592798123344                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    298852347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    298852347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    203277106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    203277106                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2818584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      2818584                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      2818580                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    502129453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    502129453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    502129453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    502129453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052381                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.052381                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000003                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  6927.440710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  6927.440710                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 55369.648475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55369.648475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 14400.125000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 14400.125000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53336.638693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 53336.638693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53336.638693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 53336.638693                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2681606                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     71348484                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            175279                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets          450011                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    15.299072                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   158.548311                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1027831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1027831                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data       103500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      9930284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      9930284                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10033784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     10033784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     10033784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     10033784                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       362941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       362941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       717551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       717551                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            6                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1080492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      1080492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1080492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      1080492                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   1810647678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   1810647678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  38079673541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38079673541                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data        95921                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        95921                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39890321219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  39890321219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39890321219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  39890321219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003530                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000002                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  4988.820987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  4988.820987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 53068.943589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53068.943589                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15986.833333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15986.833333                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36918.664108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36918.664108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36918.664108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36918.664108                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
