
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.526348                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                526348383408                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               859434818553                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 236435                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   236435                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               41482419                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2361008                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 12688.47                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000002                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000002                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     28309376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           28371840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         62464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      7412544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         7412544                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       442334                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              443310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        115821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             115821                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst       118674                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     53784484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              53903158                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       118674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total           118674                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        14082961                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             14082961                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        14082961                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst       118674                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     53784484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total             67986119                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      443312                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     115821                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    443312                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   115821                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   28371840                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                 7412544                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             28371840                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr              7412544                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     10                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               30317                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               21533                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               21545                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               22463                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               26686                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               29800                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               33366                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               42586                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               36331                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               23802                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              22190                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              33238                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              31708                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              21361                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              24098                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              22278                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0                7300                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1                7056                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2                7029                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3                6927                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4                7274                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5                7408                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6                7424                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7                7582                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8                7571                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9                7704                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10               7306                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11               7233                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12               7478                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13               6789                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14               6772                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15               6968                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         2                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  526348081044                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                443312                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               115821                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  348579                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   64747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   20900                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                    9075                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                    4818                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                    5031                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                    5033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                    5033                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                    5034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                    5034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                    5034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                    5034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                    5034                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                    5036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                   5036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                   5036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                   5036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                   5036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                   5036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                   5036                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                   5035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                   5035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                   5035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                   5035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                   5035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                   5035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                   5035                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                    218                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       232249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    154.049559                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.138669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   445.361438                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       182622     78.63%     78.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129        20131      8.67%     87.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193         6753      2.91%     90.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257         4113      1.77%     91.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321         3020      1.30%     93.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         2430      1.05%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         1968      0.85%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         1614      0.69%     95.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         1285      0.55%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         1006      0.43%     96.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705          757      0.33%     97.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769          623      0.27%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833          453      0.20%     97.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897          437      0.19%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961          348      0.15%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025          306      0.13%     98.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          273      0.12%     98.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          215      0.09%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          191      0.08%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          177      0.08%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          178      0.08%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          173      0.07%     98.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          126      0.05%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537          136      0.06%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          166      0.07%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          116      0.05%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          111      0.05%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          105      0.05%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857           98      0.04%     99.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          101      0.04%     99.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          107      0.05%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049           83      0.04%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113           82      0.04%     99.16% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           74      0.03%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           59      0.03%     99.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305           77      0.03%     99.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           65      0.03%     99.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           50      0.02%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           48      0.02%     99.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561           44      0.02%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           46      0.02%     99.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           44      0.02%     99.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           44      0.02%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817           45      0.02%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           34      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           44      0.02%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           44      0.02%     99.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073           33      0.01%     99.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           25      0.01%     99.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           39      0.02%     99.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           36      0.02%     99.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           30      0.01%     99.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           25      0.01%     99.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           23      0.01%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           28      0.01%     99.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           24      0.01%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           18      0.01%     99.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           20      0.01%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           19      0.01%     99.61% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           15      0.01%     99.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           23      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969           18      0.01%     99.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033           13      0.01%     99.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           23      0.01%     99.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           18      0.01%     99.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225           22      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289           20      0.01%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           22      0.01%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           24      0.01%     99.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481           20      0.01%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545           22      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609           27      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673           16      0.01%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737           13      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801           17      0.01%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            9      0.00%     99.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929           25      0.01%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993           22      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057           12      0.01%     99.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121           15      0.01%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185           25      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249           14      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            9      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377            7      0.00%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441           14      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505           12      0.01%     99.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569           10      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            6      0.00%     99.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697            9      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761            8      0.00%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825           14      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889           14      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            8      0.00%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017           10      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            8      0.00%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145           13      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209            8      0.00%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            9      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337            8      0.00%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401           12      0.01%     99.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465            8      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529           11      0.00%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593            9      0.00%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657           17      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721            7      0.00%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785           12      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849           16      0.01%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            8      0.00%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977           11      0.00%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041           11      0.00%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105           11      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169           11      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233           12      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297            8      0.00%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361           14      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425           19      0.01%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489           16      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553           28      0.01%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617           22      0.01%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681            6      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745            2      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            7      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            8      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8384-8385            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8448-8449            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8512-8513            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8576-8577            1      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8640-8641            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8832-8833            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::10304-10305            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11584-11585            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11648-11649            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11712-11713            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::11904-11905            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::12352-12353            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::12480-12481            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::13632-13633            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::14400-14401            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::14656-14657            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       232249                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                   3402307243                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             14339053493                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 2216510000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat                8720236250                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                      7674.92                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  19671.10                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                32346.02                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        53.90                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        14.08                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                53.90                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                14.08                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.03                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.96                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   312065                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                   14793                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 70.40                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                12.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     941364.72                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                     67986119                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              265722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             265722                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            115821                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            177590                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           177588                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1002443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1002443                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     35784384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total            35784384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus               35784384                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy           494739482                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1394303635                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       470754499                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    395087411                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     39084716                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    254504738                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       220993557                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     86.832787                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        22634664                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       808836                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            536745684                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1764708                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    14                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        538510392                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           222631170                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            540245                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    3                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       223171415                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            759376854                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            2304953                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    17                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        761681807                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           405971789                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses            812011                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    1                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       406783800                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1580625776                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    814445540                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3036318900                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           470754499                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    243628221                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             561168678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       141512908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles       78007302                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       104636                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      5576597                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           40                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         405971789                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      21655726                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1560837916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.945313                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.025599                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        999669238     64.05%     64.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         54186803      3.47%     67.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         53917948      3.45%     70.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         56784207      3.64%     74.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         65262051      4.18%     78.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         28273933      1.81%     80.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         46850841      3.00%     83.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         26722495      1.71%     85.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        229170400     14.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1560837916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.297828                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.920960                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        842906701                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles      72978307                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         541790115                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles       3663927                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles       99498865                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     50543787                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2103808                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     2937570946                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       5638300                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles       99498865                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        861715163                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        22746825                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     35678641                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         526359133                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      14839288                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     2860991350                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         16089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents        1066247                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents       9773427                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2108659251                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    3796726920                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   3735640136                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     61086784                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1497606792                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        611052439                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      1641145                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts        11287                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts          43901310                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    585552436                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    243775491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads      6908832                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores      5843059                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2633399387                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        17052                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2425103804                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      7975902                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    607132179                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    372230559                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         8132                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1560837916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.553719                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.770320                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    618681574     39.64%     39.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    311585359     19.96%     59.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    234474624     15.02%     74.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    156015609     10.00%     84.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    107062851      6.86%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     73252932      4.69%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     39219962      2.51%     98.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     17673506      1.13%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2871499      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1560837916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         3102824     10.34%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%     10.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd          1541      0.01%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp           652      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            13      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       14733130     49.10%     59.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      12168655     40.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       698636      0.03%      0.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1613041978     66.51%     66.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1269401      0.05%     66.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     66.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd     13567005      0.56%     67.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      9293170      0.38%     67.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt      4258892      0.18%     67.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult           34      0.00%     67.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       407830      0.02%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     67.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    553934692     22.84%     90.57% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    228632166      9.43%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2425103804                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.534268                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            30006815                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.012373                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6379491815                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   3194687857                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2296063166                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     69536421                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     46004191                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     33682923                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2419640799                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        34771184                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     20381284                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    148287119                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       355786                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       156452                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     41377963                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        33284                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked       205227                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles       99498865                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        13805069                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles        826876                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2697622498                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts     21252693                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     585552436                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    243775491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        10219                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         709787                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          8959                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       156452                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     21461186                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect     19712883                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     41174069                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2377271090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     538526030                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     47832709                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              64206059                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            761697775                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        359188107                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          223171745                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.504006                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2341601638                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2329746089                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1310073229                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1656949931                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.473939                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.790653                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    629740922                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         8920                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     37048458                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1461339051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.404098                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.285799                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    778137587     53.25%     53.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    308798238     21.13%     74.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    100703544      6.89%     81.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     63348134      4.33%     85.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     41504114      2.84%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     31594890      2.16%     90.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     26229984      1.79%     92.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     17938331      1.23%     93.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     93084229      6.37%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1461339051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2051862687                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2051862687                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              639662834                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             437265312                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                4460                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          311704437                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts           31971899                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1959372409                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     14739094                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      93084229                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4041280264                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5463079614                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  144349                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                19787860                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000001                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.790313                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.790313                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.265322                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.265322                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3179015015                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1751457705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          42136229                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes         21355772                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads          708668                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes         358238                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1             15752                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1162                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.120178                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008865                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  731570135                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  763564070                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         1106117.099628                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         968055.312025                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          2074172.411653                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 103                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 102                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 7102622.669903                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 7485922.254902                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.489301                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.510699                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            6750.971469                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1       119686                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2       118524                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1        21928                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1       1012914                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        1028856                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     12345888                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     12221964                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   212.893204                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                    144119                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 119113.191023                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     5746146                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    266410                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     21.568807                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    25801.008747                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   317.370310                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 50669.254191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        427.172892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data      41898.384883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.196846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.002421                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.386576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003259                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.319659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.908762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5101                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      2537485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                 2542586                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          1953672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               1953672                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1344042                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total               1344042                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          5101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       3881527                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                  3886628                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         5101                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      3881527                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                 3886628                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       264746                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                265722                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       177590                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              177590                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       442336                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 443312                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       442336                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                443312                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78357587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  17490735209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     17569092796                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  10196665320                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   10196665320                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78357587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27687400529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      27765758116                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     78357587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27687400529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     27765758116                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6077                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      2802231                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total             2808308                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      1953672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           1953672                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1521632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1521632                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4323863                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total              4329940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         6077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      4323863                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total             4329940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160606                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094477                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.094620                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.116710                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.116710                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160606                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102301                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.102383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160606                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102301                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.102383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80284.412910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 66066.098105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66118.322141                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57416.889014                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57416.889014                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80284.412910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62593.595206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 62632.543482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 80284.412910                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 62593.595206                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 62632.543482                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               115821                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    115821                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       264746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           265722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       177590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         177590                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       442336                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            443312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst          976                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       442336                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           443312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71022883                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15483329053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15554351936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data   8832309990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8832309990                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71022883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24315639043                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24386661926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     71022883                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  24315639043                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24386661926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160606                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.094477                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.094620                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.116710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.116710                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102301                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.102383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.160606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.102301                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.102383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72769.347336                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 58483.712891                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58536.184193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 49734.275522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 49734.275522                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72769.347336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54970.970129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55010.155209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 72769.347336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 54970.970129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55010.155209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                   764039660                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq            2808308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           2808308                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          1953672                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1521632                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1521630                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        12154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     10601396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              10613550                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       388928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    401762112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total          402151040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus             402151040                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3393588348                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           6303999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        4400972258                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2580885337                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 24739920.717123                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  24739920.717123                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              5982                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse          4043.839318                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1379636106                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             10041                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          137400.269495                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   675.870614                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst  3367.968704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.165007                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.822258                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.987265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    405965006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       405965006                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    405965006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        405965006                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    405965006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       405965006                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          6780                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           6780                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          6780                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    141532946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    141532946                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    141532946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    141532946                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst    141532946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    141532946                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    405971786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    405971786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    405971786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    405971786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    405971786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    405971786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20875.065782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20875.065782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20875.065782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 20875.065782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 20875.065782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 20875.065782                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          397                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    79.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst          703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          703                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         6077                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         6077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         6077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98034891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     98034891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98034891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     98034891                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst     98034891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     98034891                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16132.119631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16132.119631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16132.119631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16132.119631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 16132.119631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16132.119631                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1221                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           30                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.298096                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.007324                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1104737293                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          480816500                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 25915989.533209                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 11763568.012412                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  37679557.545622                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1         1417                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2         1417                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 779631.117149                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 339320.042343                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.696752                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.303248                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     253.305524                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        42510                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        42510                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1       361791                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1      1325856                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2      1687647                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1      4073875                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2      4073875                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   255.321807                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           3609744                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          3017.544626                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           757407964                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           3612619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            209.656198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2993.166055                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data    24.378571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.730753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.005952                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.736705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    508053683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       508053683                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    194017318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      194017318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3751                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         4460                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    702071001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        702071001                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    702071001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       702071001                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8105683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       8105683                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      8375743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      8375743                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1020                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         1020                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     16481426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       16481426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     16481426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      16481426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  92600566786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  92600566786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  91389136267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  91389136267                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      5094900                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total      5094900                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 183989703053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 183989703053                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 183989703053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 183989703053                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    516159366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    516159366                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    202393061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    202393061                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4771                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         4771                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4460                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         4460                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    718552427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    718552427                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    718552427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    718552427                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.015704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015704                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041384                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.213792                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.213792                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.022937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.022937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.022937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11424.153497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 11424.153497                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10911.167674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 10911.167674                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total         4995                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11163.457765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 11163.457765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11163.457765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 11163.457765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1691090                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       807918                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs             37768                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets            7191                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    44.775736                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   112.351272                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      1953672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           1953672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      5302153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      5302153                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6856430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      6856430                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12158583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     12158583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     12158583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     12158583                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      2803530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      2803530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1519313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1519313                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         1020                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         1020                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4322843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      4322843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      4322843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      4322843                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  27531873261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  27531873261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  15574410227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15574410227                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      3736260                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3736260                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43106283488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  43106283488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  43106283488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  43106283488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.005432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005432                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007507                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007507                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.213792                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.213792                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.006016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9820.431121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9820.431121                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 10250.955680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 10250.955680                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total         3663                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9971.743940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9971.743940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  9971.743940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  9971.743940                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
