
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.828238                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                828237840500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1328540545500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 150961                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   150961                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               41677322                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2344492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 19872.63                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000001                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1507584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     73954816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           75462400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1507584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1507584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     40593024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        40593024                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        23556                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data      1155544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total             1179100                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        634266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             634266                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst      1820231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     89291762                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total              91111993                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1820231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total          1820231                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        49011313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             49011313                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        49011313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst      1820231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     89291762                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            140123306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                     1179100                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     634266                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                   1179100                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   634266                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                   75462400                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                40593024                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd             75462400                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr             40593024                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    111                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0               74630                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1               73573                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2               74285                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3               70652                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4               74755                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5               76771                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6               76023                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7               73982                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8               68785                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9               72371                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10              70139                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11              73008                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12              74654                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13              75304                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14              75571                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15              74486                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0               39652                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1               39879                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2               38676                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3               38481                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4               40083                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5               41355                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6               42012                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7               39729                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8               37706                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9               38551                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10              37985                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11              39646                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12              40508                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13              39841                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14              39843                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15              40319                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  828235354000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6               1179100                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               634266                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  860006                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                  219396                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   79144                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   20391                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                      49                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                   22788                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                   27284                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                   27575                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                   27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                   27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                   27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                   27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                   27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                   27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                   27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                  27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                  27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                  27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                  27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                  27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                  27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                  27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                  27577                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                  27576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                  27576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                  27576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                  27576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                  27576                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                   4789                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                    293                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples       873553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    132.843997                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean    93.993909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   220.533903                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65       573291     65.63%     65.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129       159707     18.28%     83.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193        60725      6.95%     90.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257        23359      2.67%     93.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321        12904      1.48%     95.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385         7644      0.88%     95.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449         5786      0.66%     96.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513         4289      0.49%     97.04% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577         3267      0.37%     97.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641         2647      0.30%     97.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705         2165      0.25%     97.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769         2087      0.24%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833         1553      0.18%     98.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897         1333      0.15%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961         1228      0.14%     98.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025         1257      0.14%     98.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089          862      0.10%     98.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153          787      0.09%     99.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217          629      0.07%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281          948      0.11%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345          578      0.07%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409          418      0.05%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473          398      0.05%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537         1464      0.17%     99.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601          344      0.04%     99.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665          232      0.03%     99.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729          196      0.02%     99.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793          629      0.07%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857          179      0.02%     99.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921          122      0.01%     99.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985          119      0.01%     99.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049          343      0.04%     99.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113          135      0.02%     99.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177           93      0.01%     99.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241           94      0.01%     99.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305          262      0.03%     99.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369           97      0.01%     99.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433           65      0.01%     99.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497           65      0.01%     99.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561          196      0.02%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625           51      0.01%     99.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689           54      0.01%     99.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753           53      0.01%     99.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817          152      0.02%     99.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881           56      0.01%     99.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945           51      0.01%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009           34      0.00%     99.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073          108      0.01%     99.94% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137           33      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201           27      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265           38      0.00%     99.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329           65      0.01%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393           27      0.00%     99.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457           21      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521           18      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585           41      0.00%     99.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649           25      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713           13      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777           17      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841           31      0.00%     99.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905           15      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033            4      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097           23      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161           11      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289            6      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353           14      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417           10      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545            3      0.00%     99.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673            4      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865            6      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633            3      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849            2      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total       873553                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                  26680187750                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat             57587647750                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                 5894945000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat               25012515000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     22629.72                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  21215.22                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                48844.94                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                        91.11                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                        49.01                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW                91.11                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW                49.01                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         1.09                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.07                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      10.88                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                   709915                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                  229769                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 60.21                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                36.23                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     456739.21                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                    140123306                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              674082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             674082                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            634266                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            505018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           505018                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2992466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2992466                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port    116055424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total           116055424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus              116055424                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          3443747000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         5592996250                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups       548809477                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted    389236256                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect     31830932                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups    356153489                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits       279349154                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     78.435046                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS        51714909                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect       940154                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            806530359                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses           16543962                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                101779                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        823074321                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           427412616                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses           3648973                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                 1042                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       431061589                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits           1233942975                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses           20192935                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                102821                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses       1254135910                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           524744005                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses           1569447                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       526313452                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                 1471                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               1656475681                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    614737424                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             3563510791                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches           548809477                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches    331064063                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             677011760                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       176983942                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles      166058449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles       250233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles     12721513                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles          435                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         524744005                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      14034335                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   1607990892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      2.216126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.065815                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0        930979132     57.90%     57.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1         64119392      3.99%     61.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2         66914869      4.16%     66.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         66511287      4.14%     70.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4         77773109      4.84%     75.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         61356971      3.82%     78.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         69474018      4.32%     83.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         35590511      2.21%     85.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        235271603     14.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   1607990892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.331312                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                2.151261                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        659408954                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles     154794040                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         645035297                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      14078240                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      134674360                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     70412706                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred       2622004                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     3450950686                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts       8738712                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      134674360                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        686793044                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles        41753124                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles     70089705                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         630701928                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles      43978730                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3354028282                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents         17815                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents         965554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      36927683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   2295099210                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    4147971221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups   4120397460                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups     27573761                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1397224081                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps        897875113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts      2249943                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts      1759307                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         122530457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads   1049128973                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    501885721                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     57000225                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     14413805                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         3111483411                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded      3198223                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2626241717                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued     18004184                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined   1102376237                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    743931217                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       534296                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   1607990892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.633244                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.820450                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    654409261     40.70%     40.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    257778210     16.03%     56.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    236317876     14.70%     71.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    166952745     10.38%     81.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    148121218      9.21%     91.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     84962599      5.28%     96.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     41339576      2.57%     98.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7     15241059      0.95%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      2868348      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   1607990892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         1952825      2.80%      2.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      2.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      2.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd             4      0.00%      2.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp        125594      0.18%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv             0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      2.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead       39823191     57.01%     59.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      27950127     40.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          138      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    1301695423     49.56%     49.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       443661      0.02%     49.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%     49.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      3413909      0.13%     49.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp      1392705      0.05%     49.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt       572746      0.02%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult       128302      0.00%     49.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv       128335      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     49.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    881163822     33.55%     83.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    437302676     16.65%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2626241717                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   1.585439                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt            69851741                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.026598                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   6920065843                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes   4191568302                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   2481568346                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads     28264406                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes     25792344                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     12773099                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses     2681882450                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses        14210870                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     90432987                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    379225990                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses       673293                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation       307760                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores    189065217                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          263                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      1130942                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      134674360                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles        25852634                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles       1053729                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   3183527629                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts      8960856                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts    1049128973                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    501885721                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts      1737991                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents         773789                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        202328                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents       307760                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect     26762770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      7326319                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts     34089089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2545377844                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     823663568                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts     80863871                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop              68845995                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs           1254937866                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches        388265809                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          431274298                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             1.536623                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2523386290                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2494341445                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1354408948                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        1902372839                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               1.505812                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.711958                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    938523403                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitNonSpecStalls      2663927                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts     29294214                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   1473316532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.388731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.297237                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    818382896     55.55%     55.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    268389160     18.22%     73.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2    114512108      7.77%     81.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     54787328      3.72%     85.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     44011942      2.99%     88.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     37130826      2.52%     90.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     23910054      1.62%     92.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     18434642      1.25%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     93757576      6.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   1473316532                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2046040684                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2046040684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              982723480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             669902978                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars             1331228                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches          320071823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts            9094135                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts        1970277568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls     30290140                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      93757576                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           4271114036                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          6104024173                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                  424216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles                48484789                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000000                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       0.828238                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 0.828238                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       1.207383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 1.207383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       3221007443                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes      1720322650                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads          11353662                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes          7692807                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_reads         3098933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.misc_regfile_writes        2662525                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2               297                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.009064                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                  946034633                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  792801711                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         1844118.470363                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         1358092.837853                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          3202211.308216                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 312                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 311                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3032162.285256                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 2549201.643087                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.544062                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.455938                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            1913.219220                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        92664                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        92367                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1     10130952                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2     10098481                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                   1175849                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 32333.153795                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    19766339                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                   1208083                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     16.361739                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    11373.497487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1116.390853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 18507.353355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst        121.019038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data       1214.893062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.347092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.034070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.564800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.003693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.037076                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.986730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9585248                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5728227                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                15313475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks          2797067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total               2797067                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       590886                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                590886                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       9585248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       6319113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 15904361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      9585248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data      6319113                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                15904361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       650526                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                674082                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       505018                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              505018                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data      1155544                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                1179100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23556                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data      1155544                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total               1179100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2076394500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  55076861500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57153256000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  39947369750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   39947369750                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2076394500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95024231250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      97100625750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   2076394500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  95024231250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     97100625750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9608804                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      6378753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            15987557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks      2797067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total           2797067                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1095904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total           1095904                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9608804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7474657                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             17083461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      9608804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7474657                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            17083461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002452                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101983                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.042163                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460823                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.460823                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.154595                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.069020                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.154595                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.069020                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88147.159959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 84665.119457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84786.800419                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 79100.883038                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79100.883038                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88147.159959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82233.330146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 82351.476338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 88147.159959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 82233.330146                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 82351.476338                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               634266                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    634266                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23556                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       650526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           674082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data       505018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         505018                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23556                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1155544                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total           1179100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst        23556                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1155544                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total          1179100                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1805898500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  47601395500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  49407294000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  34149139250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34149139250                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1805898500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81750534750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  83556433250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst   1805898500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  81750534750                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  83556433250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002452                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.101983                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.042163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.460823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460823                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002452                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.154595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.069020                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.002452                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.154595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.069020                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76664.055867                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 73173.701743                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73295.673227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 67619.647716                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67619.647716                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76664.055867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70746.362536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70864.585913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76664.055867                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 70746.362536                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70864.585913                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  1536217895                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           15987557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          15987557                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback          2797067                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          1095904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         1095904                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     19217608                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     17746381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total              36963989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    614963456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    657390336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         1272353792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            1272353792                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        12737331000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy       14421083263                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       11490502684                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         2657081091                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 13680075.975307                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  13680075.975307                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     157.356710                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements           9608804                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                 1024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           770381489                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs           9609828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             80.166002                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   986.465628                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst    37.534372                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.963345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.036655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    515095367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       515095367                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    515095367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        515095367                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    515095367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       515095367                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9648626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total       9648626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9648626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total        9648626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9648626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total       9648626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  52481108201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  52481108201                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  52481108201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total  52481108201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  52481108201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total  52481108201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    524743993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    524743993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    524743993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    524743993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    524743993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    524743993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.018387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5439.231265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5439.231265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5439.231265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total  5439.231265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  5439.231265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total  5439.231265                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        19674                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               235                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    83.719149                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        39822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        39822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        39822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total        39822                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst        39822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total        39822                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9608804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      9608804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9608804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total      9608804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst      9608804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total      9608804                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  32191282477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  32191282477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  32191282477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  32191282477                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  32191282477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  32191282477                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018311                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018311                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.018311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018311                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3350.186191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3350.186191                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3350.186191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3350.186191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst  3350.186191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3350.186191                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1           64                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            4                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.062500                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.003906                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         1546072650                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          111100809                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 21024490.352388                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 1460753.999259                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  22485244.351647                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          538                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          538                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 2873740.985130                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 206507.079926                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.932958                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.067042                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg      60.061376                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1         2152                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2         2152                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1         7445                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        24835                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2        32280                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       516480                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       516480                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1    13.838290                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements           7454161                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           962.332359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs          1069164237                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           7455121                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            143.413398                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   954.949719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     7.382641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.932568                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.007210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.939778                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    703989622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       703989622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    306903183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      306903183                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1456471                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total      1456471                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data   1010892805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total       1010892805                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data   1010892805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total      1010892805                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      9615312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       9615312                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data      4586090                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total      4586090                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     14201402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total       14201402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     14201402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total      14201402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 193368638628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 193368638628                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 222264308550                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 222264308550                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data     10309500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total     10309500                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 415632947178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 415632947178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 415632947178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 415632947178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    713604934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    713604934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    311489273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1458532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total      1458532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total      1331228                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1025094207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total   1025094207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data   1025094207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total   1025094207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.013474                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.014723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.014723                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.001413                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.013854                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.013854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.013854                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 20110.490292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20110.490292                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 48464.881533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48464.881533                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  5002.183406                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total  5002.183406                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29267.036253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29267.036253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 29267.036253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29267.036253                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      8572605                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         2950                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            159175                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets              21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    53.856479                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets   140.476190                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks      2797067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total           2797067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3238327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total      3238327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      3490479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total      3490479                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6728806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total      6728806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data      6728806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total      6728806                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      6376985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total      6376985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      1095611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total      1095611                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total         2061                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7472596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total      7472596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data      7472596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total      7472596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  74030441810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  74030441810                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  42401166003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  42401166003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data      6187500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6187500                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 116431607813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 116431607813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 116431607813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 116431607813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.008936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008936                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003517                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.001413                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001413                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007290                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.007290                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 11609.003598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 11609.003598                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 38700.931264                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 38700.931264                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data  3002.183406                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total  3002.183406                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15581.145804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15581.145804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 15581.145804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15581.145804                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
