
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  1.190882                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                1190881730862                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               1523959215300                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 167250                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   167250                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               66391552                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2349212                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 17937.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  3000000007                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                    3000000007                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst          128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data   2063213120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total         2063213248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst          128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total           128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks   1026522752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total      1026522752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data     32237705                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total            32237707                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks      16039418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total           16039418                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst          107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1732508835                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1732508942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst          107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total              107                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       861985473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            861985473                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       861985473                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst          107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1732508835                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2594494415                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                    32237707                       # Total number of read requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                   16039418                       # Total number of write requests accepted by DRAM controller
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                  32237707                       # Total number of DRAM read bursts. Each DRAM read request translates to either one or multiple DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                 16039418                       # Total number of DRAM write bursts. Each DRAM write request translates to either one or multiple DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.bytesRead                 2063213248                       # Total number of bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten              1026522752                       # Total number of bytes written to memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedRd           2063213248                       # bytesRead derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.bytesConsumedWr           1026522752                       # bytesWritten derated as per pkt->getSize()
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by write Q
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWrite                0                       # Reqs where no action is needed
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::0             2014639                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::1             2015098                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::2             2015393                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::3             2015084                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::4             2013512                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::5             2013681                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::6             2013715                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::7             2014649                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::8             2013891                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::9             2014798                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::10            2015284                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::11            2016115                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::12            2014753                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::13            2015038                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::14            2015716                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdReqs::15            2016341                       # Track reads on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::0             1003146                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::1             1002738                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::2             1002243                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::3             1002224                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::4             1002680                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::5             1002433                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::6             1002090                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::7             1002674                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::8             1002713                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::9             1002298                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::10            1002141                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::11            1001930                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::12            1002329                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::13            1002606                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::14            1002482                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrReqs::15            1002691                       # Track writes on a per bank basis
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times rd buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times wr buffer was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                  1190881306953                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6              32237707                       # Categorize read packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6             16039418                       # Categorize write packet sizes
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                12072560                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                 7801288                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                 6495608                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                 5868251                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                  526584                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                  673830                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                  695201                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                  697204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                  697362                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                  697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                  697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                  697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                  697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                  697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                 697366                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                 170782                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                  23536                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                   2165                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                    162                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::samples      6781172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::mean    455.634069                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::gmean   213.563063                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::stdev   922.949397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::64-65      1880724     27.73%     27.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::128-129      1501046     22.14%     49.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::192-193       792805     11.69%     61.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::256-257       260472      3.84%     65.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::320-321       180417      2.66%     68.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::384-385       139266      2.05%     70.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::448-449       158045      2.33%     72.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::512-513       200147      2.95%     75.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::576-577       209041      3.08%     78.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::640-641       193327      2.85%     81.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::704-705       159630      2.35%     83.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::768-769       163719      2.41%     86.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::832-833       131036      1.93%     88.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::896-897       115964      1.71%     89.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::960-961       101276      1.49%     91.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1024-1025        61719      0.91%     92.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1088-1089        46620      0.69%     92.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1152-1153        39961      0.59%     93.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1216-1217        31814      0.47%     93.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1280-1281        33249      0.49%     94.38% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1344-1345        26205      0.39%     94.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1408-1409        27337      0.40%     95.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1472-1473        24991      0.37%     95.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1536-1537        22991      0.34%     95.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1600-1601        26612      0.39%     96.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1664-1665        16417      0.24%     96.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1728-1729        15281      0.23%     96.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1792-1793        13983      0.21%     96.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1856-1857        10639      0.16%     97.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1920-1921        10196      0.15%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::1984-1985         6756      0.10%     97.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2048-2049         6422      0.09%     97.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2112-2113         5574      0.08%     97.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2176-2177         4353      0.06%     97.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2240-2241         4128      0.06%     97.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2304-2305         3710      0.05%     97.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2368-2369         3314      0.05%     97.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2432-2433         3249      0.05%     97.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2496-2497         2718      0.04%     97.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2560-2561         2475      0.04%     97.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2624-2625         2360      0.03%     97.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2688-2689         2226      0.03%     97.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2752-2753         2238      0.03%     97.98% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2816-2817         1785      0.03%     98.01% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2880-2881         1594      0.02%     98.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::2944-2945         1618      0.02%     98.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3008-3009         1401      0.02%     98.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3072-3073         1600      0.02%     98.10% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3136-3137         1383      0.02%     98.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3200-3201         1726      0.03%     98.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3264-3265         1784      0.03%     98.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3328-3329         1622      0.02%     98.20% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3392-3393         1583      0.02%     98.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3456-3457         1494      0.02%     98.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3520-3521         1236      0.02%     98.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3584-3585         1437      0.02%     98.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3648-3649         1214      0.02%     98.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3712-3713         1173      0.02%     98.32% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3776-3777         1171      0.02%     98.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3840-3841         1084      0.02%     98.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3904-3905          731      0.01%     98.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::3968-3969          858      0.01%     98.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4032-4033          750      0.01%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4096-4097          734      0.01%     98.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4160-4161          755      0.01%     98.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4224-4225          961      0.01%     98.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4288-4289          910      0.01%     98.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4352-4353          771      0.01%     98.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4416-4417          621      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4480-4481          446      0.01%     98.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4544-4545          627      0.01%     98.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4608-4609          649      0.01%     98.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4672-4673          572      0.01%     98.49% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4736-4737          580      0.01%     98.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4800-4801          482      0.01%     98.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4864-4865          728      0.01%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4928-4929         1363      0.02%     98.54% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::4992-4993          842      0.01%     98.55% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5056-5057         1027      0.02%     98.56% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5120-5121         1731      0.03%     98.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5184-5185         1802      0.03%     98.62% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5248-5249         1796      0.03%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5312-5313         1440      0.02%     98.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5376-5377         2101      0.03%     98.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5440-5441         1856      0.03%     98.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5504-5505         1967      0.03%     98.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5568-5569         2646      0.04%     98.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5632-5633         2500      0.04%     98.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5696-5697         2749      0.04%     98.87% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5760-5761         3118      0.05%     98.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5824-5825         2818      0.04%     98.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5888-5889         2274      0.03%     98.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::5952-5953         1949      0.03%     99.02% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6016-6017         1182      0.02%     99.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6080-6081         1729      0.03%     99.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6144-6145         1663      0.02%     99.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6208-6209         1437      0.02%     99.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6272-6273         1605      0.02%     99.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6336-6337         1507      0.02%     99.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6400-6401         1540      0.02%     99.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6464-6465         1149      0.02%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6528-6529         1463      0.02%     99.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6592-6593         1586      0.02%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6656-6657          594      0.01%     99.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6720-6721         1158      0.02%     99.26% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6784-6785         1606      0.02%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6848-6849          737      0.01%     99.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6912-6913          911      0.01%     99.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::6976-6977         1226      0.02%     99.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7040-7041          497      0.01%     99.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7104-7105         1169      0.02%     99.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7168-7169          940      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7232-7233          509      0.01%     99.37% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7296-7297         1011      0.01%     99.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7360-7361          621      0.01%     99.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7424-7425          608      0.01%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7488-7489          303      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7552-7553          217      0.00%     99.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7616-7617          435      0.01%     99.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7680-7681          525      0.01%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7744-7745          270      0.00%     99.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7808-7809          240      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7872-7873          260      0.00%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::7936-7937          384      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8000-8001          402      0.01%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8064-8065          225      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8128-8129          167      0.00%     99.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8192-8193        36783      0.54%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::8256-8257            1      0.00%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.bytesPerActivate::total      6781172                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                 598476195673                       # Total cycles spent in queuing delays
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat            1209280545673                       # Sum of mem lat for all requests
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat               161188535000                       # Total cycles spent in databus access
system.mem_ctrls.totBankLat              449615815000                       # Total cycles spent in bank access
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                     18564.48                       # Average queueing delay per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBankLat                  13946.89                       # Average bank access latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                    5000.00                       # Average bus latency per request
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                37511.37                       # Average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                      1732.51                       # Average achieved read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                       861.99                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedRdBW              1732.51                       # Average consumed read bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgConsumedWrBW               861.99                       # Average consumed write bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MB/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                        20.27                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.02                       # Average read queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       9.84                       # Average write queue length over time
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                 28575846                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                12920107                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                 88.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                80.55                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                      24667.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.membus.throughput                   2594494415                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq            15878621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp           15878621                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback          16039418                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq          16359086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp         16359086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     80514832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total               80514832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port   3089736000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.tot_pkt_size::total          3089736000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.data_through_bus             3089736000                       # Total data (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_data_through_bus                0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy         58805292177                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               4.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy       102555892533                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              8.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.lookups        47285972                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condPredicted     35272699                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect        84682                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups     19673650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHits        19673640                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct     99.999949                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.usedRAS              31                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect            1                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits            738276787                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses            1027871                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses        739304658                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits           213093072                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses            405091                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses       213498163                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits            951369859                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses            1432962                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses        952802821                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           417765060                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                 7                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       417765067                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.workload.num_syscalls                    0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus.numCycles               3576221414                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.icacheStallCycles    892675512                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Insts             4210685615                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Branches            47285972                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus.fetch.predictedBranches     19673671                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus.fetch.Cycles             571034637                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.SquashCycles       241263323                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus.fetch.BlockedCycles     1801712592                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus.fetch.MiscStallCycles            3                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles          274                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus.fetch.CacheLines         417765060                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus.fetch.IcacheSquashes      31402371                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::samples   3418019579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::mean      1.231908                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.812189                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::0       2846984942     83.29%     83.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::1            13219      0.00%     83.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::2          2212008      0.06%     83.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::3         36875238      1.08%     84.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::4          3070188      0.09%     84.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::5         27074503      0.79%     85.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::6         16104156      0.47%     85.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::7         34138137      1.00%     86.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::8        451547188     13.21%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rateDist::total   3418019579                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus.fetch.branchRate          0.013222                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.fetch.rate                1.177412                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus.decode.IdleCycles        953549814                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus.decode.BlockedCycles    1741879779                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus.decode.RunCycles         559437769                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus.decode.UnblockCycles      10555661                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashCycles      152596555                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchResolved     12011818                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus.decode.BranchMispred             6                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus.decode.DecodedInsts     4202569722                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.decode.SquashedInsts            38                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus.rename.SquashCycles      152596555                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.IdleCycles        997568076                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus.rename.BlockCycles      1591721031                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializeStallCycles            0                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus.rename.RunCycles         522330092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus.rename.UnblockCycles     153803824                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedInsts     3908398374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus.rename.ROBFullEvents       8744563                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus.rename.IQFullEvents      106800293                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.LSQFullEvents      39502772                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenamedOperands   3531163744                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.RenameLookups    5844761700                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus.rename.int_rename_lookups    300654593                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.fp_rename_lookups   5544107107                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus.rename.CommittedMaps    1791849646                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus.rename.UndoneMaps       1739314017                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus.rename.serializingInsts            0                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.tempSerializingInsts            0                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus.rename.skidInsts         345375598                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedLoads    990039701                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.insertedStores    258360507                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingLoads     57344822                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus.memDep0.conflictingStores     11438713                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsAdded         2891495222                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqInstsIssued        2587995806                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued    115809385                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    891481327                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    927254669                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples   3418019579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.757162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.457665                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::0   2513121442     73.53%     73.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::1    176190764      5.15%     78.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::2    249575695      7.30%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::3    150029706      4.39%     90.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::4    228144934      6.67%     97.05% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     67288488      1.97%     99.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     23552801      0.69%     99.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      8700440      0.25%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1415309      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.issued_per_cycle::total   3418019579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          177834      0.07%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntMult              0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IntDiv               0      0.00%      0.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd        276854      0.11%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp             0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt             0      0.00%      0.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatMult     40557543     16.05%     16.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv      68643834     27.16%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMult             0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     43.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemRead      115141242     45.56%     88.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::MemWrite      27916732     11.05%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     216373786      8.36%      8.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult            0      0.00%      8.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv             0      0.00%      8.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd    813099857     31.42%     39.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     39.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     39.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult    452283753     17.48%     57.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv     17161024      0.66%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead    875407932     33.83%     91.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite    213669454      8.26%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.FU_type_0::total     2587995806                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus.iq.rate                   0.723668                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_cnt           252714039                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus.iq.fu_busy_rate           0.097649                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_reads   3896897413                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    394269094                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    222666029                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads   5065637194                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes   3388720415                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses   1861308801                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.int_alu_accesses      238687077                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iq.fp_alu_accesses      2602022768                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads     51657325                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads    619727973                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12960                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores     80224549                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked    381876549                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIdleCycles                0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewSquashCycles      152596555                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewBlockCycles      1251098049                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewUnblockCycles      36218857                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispatchedInsts   2891495310                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts    344276677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     990039701                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispStoreInsts    258360507                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts            0                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewIQFullEvents       32104225                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewLSQFullEvents        236602                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12960                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9373                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        75309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus.iew.branchMispredicts        84682                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecutedInsts    2447850738                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     739304658                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts    140145060                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_swp                     0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_nop                    88                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_refs            952802821                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_branches         30828348                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_stores          213498163                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus.iew.exec_rate             0.684480                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_sent             2085727554                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_count            2083974830                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_producers        1618156947                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_consumers        2270888129                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized                 0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_rate               0.582731                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_fanout             0.712566                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus.commit.commitSquashedInsts    892378227                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus.commit.branchMispredicts        84676                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples   3265423024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.612478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.699695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::0   2694336250     82.51%     82.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::1    204109838      6.25%     88.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     54366577      1.66%     90.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::3     52706641      1.61%     92.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::4     90235630      2.76%     94.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::5     44115906      1.35%     96.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::6     17120300      0.52%     96.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     22661785      0.69%     97.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     85770097      2.63%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committed_per_cycle::total   3265423024                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedInsts   2000000036                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.committedOps     2000000036                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.swp_count                 0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.refs              548447673                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.loads             370311718                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.membars                   0                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.branches           30014407                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus.commit.fp_insts         1785581787                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.int_insts         745004108                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus.commit.function_calls           10                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_lim_events      85770097                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus.commit.bw_limited                0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_reads           6065378544                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus.rob.rob_writes          5937353195                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus.timesIdled                 1839216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus.idleCycles               158201835                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts          2000000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedOps            2000000006                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts_total    2000000006                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus.cpi                       1.788111                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus.cpi_total                 1.788111                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.ipc                       0.559249                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus.ipc_total                 0.559249                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_reads       1163928216                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.int_regfile_writes       192125322                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_reads        2770974009                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus.fp_regfile_writes       1648247879                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1              1162                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2              1162                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.l2.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3                 0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1           0.008865                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2           0.008865                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.l2.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3                  0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD1                 3224635733                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD2                  347957427                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.l2.tags.cycles_VDD3                          0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1         33596572.930534                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2         3608640.000266                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3                    0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.l2.tags.accessEnergy_tot          37205212.930800                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1                 969                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2                 969                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.l2.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3                   0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 3327797.454076                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 359089.191950                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.l2.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1       0.902604                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2       0.097396                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.l2.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3              0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.l2.tags.staticPower_avg            5061.439216                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1      1125978                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2      1125978                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3             0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3              0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1    125882790                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2    125882790                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.l2.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.l2.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.l2.tags.replacements                  31917254                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 128084.311122                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                    33054446                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                  32044719                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.031510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks    88645.740854                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     0.006059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data 39394.167760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         44.396450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.676313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.300554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.977206                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    1384                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks         48942188                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total              48942188                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     32904173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total              32904173                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data      32905557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                 32905557                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     32905557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                32905557                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     15878619                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total              15878621                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     16359086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total            16359086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data     32237705                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total               32237707                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data     32237705                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total              32237707                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       152543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1133558027934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    1133558180477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1059596286124                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total  1059596286124                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       152543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2193154314058                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total     2193154466601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       152543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2193154314058                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total    2193154466601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     15880003                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total            15880005                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks     48942188                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total          48942188                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     49263259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total          49263259                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     65143262                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total             65143264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     65143262                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total            65143264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.999913                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.332075                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.332075                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.494874                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.494874                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76271.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 71388.955673                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71388.956288                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 64771.117783                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64771.117783                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76271.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68030.720985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 68030.721496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 76271.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 68030.720985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 68030.721496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks             16039418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                  16039418                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15878619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         15878621                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     16359086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total       16359086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     32237705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total          32237707                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     32237705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total         32237707                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       137833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1010897058378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1010897196211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 934204859600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 934204859600                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       137833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1945101917978                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945102055811                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       137833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1945101917978                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 1945102055811                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.999913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.999913                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.332075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.332075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.494874                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.494874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.494874                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68916.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 63664.041462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63664.042124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57106.176934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57106.176934                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68916.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60336.240374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60336.240906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 68916.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 60336.240374                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60336.240906                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.tol2bus.throughput                  6131145301                       # Throughput (bytes/s)
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq           15880005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp          15880005                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback         48942188                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq         49263259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        49263259                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side    179228712                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total             179228716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side          128                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side   7301468800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.tot_pkt_size::total         7301468928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.data_through_bus            7301468928                       # Total data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_data_through_bus               0                       # Total snoop data (bytes)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy        70585952724                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy              2635                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy       69867144006                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             5.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD1                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD2                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.cycles_VDD3         4576454099                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3 25458602.848362                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  25458602.848362                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          inf                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            1                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.icache.tags.staticPower_avg     673.950770                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.icache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements                 0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           681.456556                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs          1417997028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               682                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          2079174.527859                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst     1.456556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.000356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.166016                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.166371                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    417765056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       417765056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    417765056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        417765056                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    417765056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       417765056                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total             4                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total              4                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst            4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total             4                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       301302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       301302                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       301302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total       301302                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       301302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total       301302                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    417765060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    417765060                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    417765060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    417765060                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    417765060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    417765060                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75325.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75325.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75325.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 75325.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst 75325.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 75325.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       154874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       154874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       154874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total       154874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst       154874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total       154874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        77437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        77437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.inst        77437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77437                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD1         1221                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1 (lowest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD2           30                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2 (mid)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyBlocks_VDD3            0                       # number of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3 (highest)
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD1     0.298096                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD2     0.007324                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.blockFaultRate_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of faulty blocks in the cache at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD1         3200753151                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD2          375992666                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.cycles_VDD3                  0                       # Total number of cycles spent on VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD1 23594002.576954                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD1 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD2 2654818.737477                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD2 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_VDD3            0                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated at VDD3 in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.accessEnergy_tot  26248821.314431                       # Total dynamic energy dissipated in nJ
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD1          336                       # Total number of transitions to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD2          337                       # Total number of transitions to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.transitionsTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of transitions to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD1 9526051.044643                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD2 1115705.240356                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avgConsecutiveCycles_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of consecutive cycles spent at VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD1     0.894879                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD1 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD2     0.105121                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD2 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.proportionExecTime_VDD3            0                       # Proportion of total execution time that was spent at VDD3 for this cache
system.cpu.dcache.tags.staticPower_avg     230.440756                       # Average static power of this cache over the entire execution
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD1        10080                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD2        10110                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of unchanged (faulty) blocks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD1       320184                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numFaultyWriteBacksTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of faulty writebacks during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD1        79992                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD2            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numInvalidateOnlyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks only invalidated during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD1            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD2       401367                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numMadeAvailableTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks made available (faulty to non-faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD1       966000                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD2       968875                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.numUnchangedNotFaultyTo_VDD3            0                       # Total number of blocks unchanged (not faulty) during DPCS transition to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD1   952.928571                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD1
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD2            0                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD2
system.cpu.dcache.tags.faultyWriteBackRateTo_VDD3          nan                       # Average number of writebacks caused by faulty blocks when changing to VDD3
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements          64741895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          2995.557686                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs           379396875                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          64745961                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs              5.859777                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  2995.483574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     0.074112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.731319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.000018                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.731337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    249753114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       249753114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data    128872684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      128872684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data    378625798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total        378625798                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data    378625798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total       378625798                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     77844135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total      77844135                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data     49263271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total     49263271                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data    127107406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total      127107406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data    127107406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total     127107406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 4503575312100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 4503575312100                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1286273879659                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total 1286273879659                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5789849191759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 5789849191759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 5789849191759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 5789849191759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    327597249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total    327597249                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data    178135955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total    178135955                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data    505733204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total    505733204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data    505733204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total    505733204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.237621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.237621                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.276549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.276549                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.251333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.251333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.251333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 57853.752400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57853.752400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 26110.200430                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26110.200430                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45550.840616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 45550.840616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 45550.840616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 45550.840616                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   1022603681                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs          36616051                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    27.927744                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks     48942188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total          48942188                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     61964132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total     61964132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     61964144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total     61964144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus.data     61964144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total     61964144                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     15880003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total     15880003                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     49263259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total     49263259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     65143262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total     65143262                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus.data     65143262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total     65143262                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1149576226813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1149576226813                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 1215279290744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total 1215279290744                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2364855517557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total 2364855517557                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 2364855517557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total 2364855517557                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.048474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.048474                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.276549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.276549                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128810                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.128810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.128810                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 72391.436375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 72391.436375                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 24669.080272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24669.080272                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36302.381013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36302.381013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus.data 36302.381013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36302.381013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
